[Music]
[Applause]
and with the note quickly I don't want the three
we danced all night and fell asleep
I'm subtracting the 10. I gave it to her.
regret it again and we left
we started to the moon
I'm praying to repeat it
[Applause]
that I don't want anything that isn't with you
[Music]
I have my mind and everything of mine that
I don't want anything anymore that isn't with you
[Music]
[Applause]
Good evening, we'll start right away.
[Music]
come on
Okay
[Music]
in the ear plates
kiss Peter
[Music]
Shepherdess, if you want to go on my behalf
little shepherdess you 2,200
[Music]
[Applause]
Thank you yuca
[Laughs]
[Music]
I'm starting
10 members of Rome did not jump
Roma Román if he doesn't jump slope No no
They have jumped. Eh.
they've jumped on me, they've jumped on him
[Music]
Hey
They haven't accepted you kids
Come on, thanks for that fraileena
[Music]
Thanks a lot
and in more members of Texas we go to the lion
let's get down to business
I applaud the entire chat to Tesa to Román to
sisuca to Pablo agüite
To Tutti to Mr. Diego
duck
to all of you who are leaving your
member is worth
I will try to take out my member today for
you
go go go go go go go go go go go go go
goes goes goes
[Music]
we leave it here
We'll leave it there, okay?
We leave it here because we have
many topics to talk about Well to
Roman has failed him
Román's member has failed him today
members do not count, that is, poor Roman
He wanted to give away 10 members and he didn't
has told if there is anyone who wants
replace them for him is invited okay
in the chat we have left it fixed
very fixed
the link so you have it there
little hand okay in the chat we have left very
fixed fixed so that no one gets lost
the link so that no one gets lost
2,200 members
We will be able to reach 2,200 members.
someday at 3000 We already reached once
but Ivan, look very closely.
stop for a moment do not become a member
Stop for a moment, let me talk. Don't you
become members now
for
let me speak for a moment
I recognize my mistakes, okay, I am a
person who recognizes his mistakes and if I
I was wrong
if I was wrong
I was wrong, okay?
The first thing I have to do in this
direct is
apologize
The first thing I have to do in this
direct is to ask for forgiveness I have committed an
terrible crime
terrible
Please everyone in the chat
put it right now
hashtag Javi oliveira scammer
I just accept it, I accept it, it's terrible
terrible scam scam yesterday taking advantage
the 40,000 views that the video has
Turbo plan taking advantage of the 40,000
views that the video that I have received
has done
I wanted to go viral
and I was a little naughty
I want to feel your body next to mine
Thank you very much David
I was a little naughty
and I told Aiden Aiden
why don't you put this thumbnail
excerpt from this afternoon
and Hayden takes the son of the great
[ __ ] because it has no other name is a
son of a [ __ ]
I don't know if anyone knows, but I
I do not upload the extracts or the videos of the
Main channel or anything, that is, the
Editors are the ones in charge of this
deal It's good I'm going to upload it I'm going to
edit and I'm going to upload it to the Main in
Well, the only thing I'm in charge of is
to create to create the content is worth it
He takes a breath and says, "Well, look, I'm going to do it."
to premiere
terrible
5 in the morning
and a thousand people
watching a premiere waiting
waiting for a debate
a debate that did not exist
but now gentlemen
I have to leave the irony I have to
leaving irony aside and I have to
be honest
Thanks Monster but let me talk a bit.
moment please do not become a member
I have to leave the irony aside
and I have to be honest
What word could I use?
The good member failed him, blue pill
and forward
What a sense of humor Pablo, what a sense of humor but thank you
What word can I use so that
These people don't get offended and tell me
take out in another video like this
To everyone who has fallen into the clickbay
[ __ ] you, you idiots!
very stupid okay or so really no
really none of my followers have
could have offended because I put this
title and this thumbnail is worth it
really no way, no way
Someone who follows me gets offended because I
put This title and this thumbnail
First because they know me first
because they know me in fact I am capable of
put this extract now yes yes
Ok, the second thing is that it raises debate
town
The second thing that puts debate friendly people
and thirdly, thirdly
The third and definitive argument
and no one will be able to refute it
because
I can assure you
and no one will be able to refute me on this
you screwed me up in the middle of the night
you swindled the kokoro
I can assure you and no one will be able to
argue against me that everyone who
ate this byte and is complaining in
the comments
He is a follower of Turbo Pueblos
the plot is very simple
no one who is
follower of this channel
swallows that Turbo plan appears in
no debate
but no way
Javi I wasn't offended by the live broadcast and I ate it
the video very good video By the way very
Good video by the way but it's not that
apart from that it is absurd or really
Did anyone believe that Turbo Plan was going to go?
to debate
Did anyone really believe that Turbo?
plan was going to debate No way The one who
has eaten the byte
He is a follower of Turbo Plan and the
Turbo plan mentality without more I mean
I am completely sure that
none of you here Ah look
what an interesting talk
exchanging positions of your no no no
no no no
at 5 in the morning but if it is Turbo
plan you call him at 5 in the morning and
gets into bed saying that they are
harassing let's see family I'm going to you
tell what happened yesterday Okay and let's go
watch the Turbo plan video because the
truth is he made me a video to watch it
I'm going to tell you what happened, okay, yesterday.
I told a part but what I didn't
I was hoping it was for the night, okay?
the day before last night before
last night
Turbo plan comes to me from this tweet
that I put giving it good giving it a
caress not a hug something affectionate not in
plan that Dallas was right and you for
contradict the kids
denying the Costco thing no
It came to me privately
and he told me
You Javi, do you have a problem with me?
Come on, tell me to my face.
and I told him
not for me it is Turbo content why
What's wrong with you? What hurt you? No, because
You tell me this Because you tell me that
other
Nothing, three or four sentences I told him, let's see
Turbo plan
my time
worth money I didn't say these words to him
literal but I did tell him I give it to him
laziness to write without monetizing loss
time without monetizing
let's connect we talked about it in
straight
and we have a debate and we make content
and he told me
I can't right now
because I'm editing a video
In an hour and a half or so it was 1 o'clock
tomorrow I think it was I don't know I was going with the
bed trying to have a schedule
person and I say, "Well then, leave it."
[ __ ] video parked leave the [ __ ] video
parked
we are going to have a debate
We lasted an hour or whatever in debate
and then you finish the video and upload it
12 or 1 no
No, dude, they don't edit me.
the videos
Well then leave the video. There we go.
make the debate that is content too
no no no no no no no look
Yes, I can, they tell me.
I do want tomorrow at 3 in the afternoon
because later in the afternoon I'm leaving
vacation
and I won't be back until Saturday, I think.
told me
and I told her I'm going to Blanca at 3 in the
late why are we going to debate
now
let's do it now and then finish
with the video you upload it Total that day
following
at 3 in the afternoon
It doesn't appear, I'm talking to you via Turbo message.
Let's go Turbo, let's go, I went to the gym
First of all, eh Turbo, let's go. Hello emoji of
little hands like that
but it's not just that he didn't appear
is that no video appeared and it
You can see on his channel there was no
I was editing any video
I wasn't editing any video it was
lie I realized last night
Well, last night he didn't upload any video. Well.
well
He neither uploaded a video at night nor was he
editing any video
nor did he appear at 3
Well, whatever it is outside has been silenced.
Okay
At 12 I think it was midnight
suddenly
I was already about to go to bed
go to bed there were no sheets on the bed
I was going to be super comfortable in flannel
get up, let's go, you have to challenge me now
debate wismichu so that I can get up
out of bed
and he takes it and says Javi Javi Javi Javi come on
now debate or what Now debate or what
Now debate or what Let's go let's go
come on come on I'm going to upload a
video now to say in the video that
we are live
I do this
I pick up the phone
I see the notification and say
no. That is literal
I love you my dear King dear
in love face in love
a kiss kiss mark pink pink kiss mark
kiss Prince prince prince prince
kiss mark kiss mark kiss mark
kiss mark, gorgeous kiss mark
I smell that the video that was
editing was this box and I'm talking to you for
see if I could get something else out of you Haha No
No, that video doesn't take two days to
Editing this video doesn't take two days.
The thing was that I didn't answer him anymore and
at 10 minutes half an hour or so
half an hour or so
uploaded the video when he was no longer
I answered, uploaded the video clearly, that is
mempes Look what the coward did
Look what he did, eh, I mean literally.
what he did was
It comes to me privately
I tell him let's talk about it live.
I wasn't thinking of humiliating him or anything.
It's not personal, besides I told him in
the conversation for me is not personal
none of this for me all these
contents Let's go, let's talk about it in
direct the positions on Coco and
about auronplay, that is, just him
Now in the video from what I've seen
So, on top of that, he makes personal attacks on me.
I'm not going to do anything to him.
personal attack on him really I mean no
I have no intention of humiliating you or
I'm going to answer what he tells me
Ok But what he has done is this Turbo
He runs away like Alberto 98 with a turbo face
crying with laughter face twisting
the laughter or what he did was lie to me
saying he was editing some video
The next day he cited me at 3 at 3
did not appear
at 3 he didn't show up
Okay, and now at night he says, Oh, what am I doing?
I have agreed that I am going on vacation
tomorrow not today
and he starts to insist on me as he comes now
now now now now
This guy wanted to raise the
video being live with me and that
we promoted your live so I don't see you
David Wars Daniel, I'm not going to kiss you.
be crazy to start the platform
what is doing live I'm not going to tell you
give away but what he really did was
was
in case I denied in case I affirmed that
had gone to the village
he say no No look look if I tell him if I
I told him
Alisa, thank you very much if I have told you
He was the one who didn't want to debate
and he was busy all day yesterday
make this video
instead of instead of coming to talk about it
with me
So it's okay to grab all the clips.
You put them on the live but
we talk here
but look at what you do
We tell him directly and he says no.
doesn't say that he doesn't stop answering me
says you're showing a video at 3 a.m.
3 I wake up and he doesn't appear and now
at night he appears with a video
edited and cropped
to move the video
let's see what was so important
that he couldn't tell me here and now
I edited the live whatever I don't know no
I understand
Well, get ready because the video is coming.
warm, there's warm, okay
prepared that it comes hot I take
a few days I'm pretty fed up
balls of this man because basically
what he has been doing lately
Twitter day after day is harassing and
insult people but every day or
It seems like we're back in 2013.
another one that I dedicate myself to Turbo when you go
Javi returns kiss mark kiss anika a
kiss
that I dedicate myself to harassing him, harassing him
But if I have given you four four
captures but if it is literally
I think he has insulted me more
me than I him
another day I uploaded this video not talking about
the thing about the cover
from auron of grooming accusing him of
liar because he is a liar and
has lied to his entire audience by saying
Let's see if I have lied to all my people
audience
Auron's funa was a conspiracy
I am a liar
telling my entire audience
that the funa of auron was a
Conspiracy
Well, I hope they rectify it.
Obviously, it cannot be done in one go.
say that there is a conspiracy or that there has been
been prepared by those people I don't know if
really
It cannot be said that there is one
conspiracy or that has been prepared by
I don't know if those people really
It cannot be said that there is one
conspiracy or that has been prepared by
I don't know if those people really
Javi stops conspiring with my heart
face crying with laughter hand with sign of
Victory
What relationship do they have more or less or
internet colleagues or whatever
proves that there is a conspiracy not to
seeing it demonstrated would only demonstrate it
some conversations that said no
tion have more or less or colleagues of
the internet or whatever shows that there is
a conspiracy not to be proven
I would only prove it a few times
conversations that
what there is a conspiracy no
more or less or internet colleagues or what
that it proves that there is a
conspiracy not to see
that there is a conspiracy that these people
They are behind not to see demonstrate it not to do it
proves everyone can think what they want
I want these people are behind it no but
What I was telling you this proves
that there is a conspiracy that these people
They are behind not to see demonstrate it not to do it
proves everyone can think what they want
want
20 seconds of the video I have
what more turbo
If he is a liar and has lied to everyone
your audience saying Well here it ends
of lying to you or that the auron's funa was
a conspiracy that The captures were
fake a montage simply as
strategy no
to win over followers who
They were disappointed with Aurons and well
The thing is that I thought, well, no.
I was going to answer and I said, "Well, yes, it is that"
What are you going to say? No, he's already been caught.
the lies he has told during the
Funa of Auron to gain followers then
What is he going to say no but in the end well
It seems that people got very
heavy, he kept spamming it and
In the end, he responded to the video, not the
title is completely click I don't know
sorry
#scam artist please
the completely clickbait title doesn't appeal to me
excuse me I didn't apologize because Las
screenshots are fake Turbo plan
Don't apologize because the screenshots are
false and I keep saying it for no reason
moment is more attacks me and also it is that
Just today on Twitter he is attacking me
not saying that I defend coscu and
calling me a clown when I don't know
I have called a clown
This is a meme
This is a meme saying that you have been left
like a clown
For a moment I was defending Coscu
I just talked about the Dallas video
where he said he has never defended Costco
I said that hadn't happened two years ago
years as Dallas said and what there was
eight years ago Dallas also passed
He said things like Coscu took it away from her
clothes to take the photo that the girl was
minor and many
is that Goku took off his clothes to
take a photo
It's that Coscu took it away from her, let's see
What was the name of this kid from
this
This will have a transcript
No
has a transcript uncle there was a minute
in which Coscu stated if you have seen yourself
This Turbo plan
that the girl was covered up when she
she was feeling bad when she got sick that
He himself covered it up, I don't know how much
therefore
of course he took off her clothes to
take a photo
I mean, I didn't have to uncover it.
the only intention someone has
to uncover it is for friends to see
the photo of the naked girl
as Mira look at the trophy and putting
faces like that
but of course of course
the things that Dallas really didn't have
tests but I never
defended coscu I simply said the
things as they are Or the truth is that you
you told things as they are, the truth
Well, I've already told you what
you said this
Let's see what you said was this
But from here to say that coscu is a
busa and what then your last video eh
From here to say that Coscu is an abuser
Here you are saying that it is not a
abuser did that while on Stream
because Dallas says he did it on Stream
And this was obviously not the case.
how the hell is he going to do that on Stream this
He passed the photo to his friends and then
I don't know what the photo was leaked, go on, go on.
Let's see why it was leaked, who knows.
why aren't you defending him
who knows why it was leaked because
He passed it to Momo and Momo passed it to him.
I would send more people
How come you never know why but yes
is that the simple fact that cocus
pass it to momo and he's already doing it
a photograph of a girl without her
naked consent and she is already being
sending one
I know that even if it hadn't leaked into
public
even if it had not been leaked to the public
if Coscu himself was already telling it to him
giving to one
but he is not so stupid to do this
in Stream he turned on Stream with screen
in black asking what he could do
that Turbo Plan told things as they are
Hey
What a Turbo, things as they are
no because he had a girl who was that
He didn't get up because he was very
drunk what I should have done
is the place to turn on Stream and catch
Call an ambulance not directly
Then you can accuse him of being that
an unconscious and also of having
leaked the photo but you can't
accusing someone of being unconscious
and if the photo has been leaked it is worth it or not.
You can accuse him of being an abuser but don't
you can say he is an abuser
but don't tell the poor coconut
that he is an abuser, eh, no, please, that's it.
no please
I'm freaking out
and what Dallas says in his video is
that they leaked the photo or rather
literally Dallas says in his video that they
They made that photo go viral on purpose, which is not
I believe that they commit a crime AND
On top of that, they make it viral on purpose, that's it.
a stupidity but Dalas nevertheless in
Your video says that they will make it viral What
Bad It's dala when really that photo
it was leaked accidentally or it is
It is very clear that it was without
want no no no no but wait what
bad is Dallas
How bad Dallas is, it's clear that
That photo was leaked accidentally and coscu no
He did it on purpose, but he didn't do any.
photo was taken by mobile phone
come on
Goku is not that stupid, eh? One goes to
filter the photo on purpose man what
says to give them in his video is that they
They leaked the photo, that is, literally Dallas
says his video that they went viral that
photo I think they commit a crime AND
On top of that, they make it viral on purpose, that's it.
a stupidity but Dalas nevertheless in
Their video says that they made it viral
the photo was leaked accidentally or it is
It's very clear they're not going to leak the photo.
deliberately love is that they did not filter the
photo on purpose
This is Javier Oliveira as a liar
Oh Dallas and Javier were going to go to
defending Dallas is not that his dog
It's that your dog
It's because it's your dog
of coscu did wrong I committed a crime for
leak images but you can't accuse him
of a crime by V because you do not have
proof of that And that is so and I in
At no time did I defend Costco, it's more
now V says now he says that he
denies in the v not the abu in the in the
last video said that you can't
say abuser
You can see in all my videos that
What I have always said is that coscu
He made a mistake and I criticized him for it.
But at no time did I put the
label of being a V because well let's see
you didn't criticize him you didn't criticize him for
you said that it will surely happen
would accidentally leak that we are going to what
What Dallas says is outrageous
Master nox 10 members but no that's not it
catch them eh if they don't come out Here they don't
Be careful with that, just in case.
you have to claim
Master nox has given away 10 members who
I send you a kiss Master Many thanks
thanks but if you don't jump here in
screen
You have to claim it to YouTube to
give it back, eh?
because it is not being counted
I don't know why
They are distributed but they are distributed
but if it hasn't jumped
Okay, okay, I trust you. You carry it.
watch a kiss Master Thank you very much
that we cannot say that because we do not
There are tests and you can get into a good
mess if you say that no And since I already have the
real eggs too Imagine that
Goku sues someone, okay? I mean.
Imagine Imagine that Goku sues
Why does someone call him an abuser?
I mean, just imagine the trial.
imagine the trial
Well the defendant is here because
has reported you because he has
said abuser coscu already look It's that you
took a photo without consent of a
girl uncovered it and took a photo
naked and sent it to her colleague
done look there is a String where he
recognizes
Uncle Javi understands the problem is Dallas
Coscu didn't do anything wrong, is that so?
difficult is that I am the dog okay And
you fantastic ones
There is in fact a String in which
He says yes, pass the photo to my friend
condemned, condemned indeed
word is not with v it is whatever by
favor
please
that is, imaginary taking someone to
judged for that
how swollen that every time
I publish whatever, fans come to me
This guy who is like Dallas fans
but more toxic. That is, the part of the
The most toxic Dallas fandom is the
Javi fans the only thing
black heart for my toxic fan
black hearts please black hearts
my toxic fans
What they do is insult. I have not seen
still no respectful comments from
I don't agree with these people's plan
with you in this
Turbo plan commenting respectfully
We have to learn from Turbo Plan
we have to learn from Turbo plan to
comment respectfully
[Music]
I'm going to be here
Turbo plan being respectful to Dallas to
What happened to me with you was that you
You insulted me and you come here with me
That face, look, I'm going to relax again.
But shut up if I have videos
from 2018 You are trying to accuse me of
some of that is true
You are trying to accuse me of that I
I say that one case is a joke
Are you really saying that nonsense?
Javi, you're an idiot, I'm telling you.
of none of that so don't take it
insult of youtubers and now take for
ass man go [ __ ] yourself
Calm down Suck it Suck it hard
arguments to report not reported you
Because look, you're all seeing it.
because at 9 no complaint Because also
Suck his [ __ ]. Why is it worth it? I'll do it for you.
Say it so you don't get offended, okay?
offended you lick his feet that's you
feel better but because there is an argument
Why are you here accusing me of things?
defending Dallas that should give you
even if it weren't Spanish
These are stories that he dedicates to me
he is constantly giving me chicks
and ugly eh or this that is here and
well and constantly you know but you don't
You answer, eh, that I was the girl
Listen to me, I'll answer you and that's it, King.
be very good uncle or rather I am in the
super chill debate I'm in the debate
super chill and he's there going to
give something eh But well speaking of fans
This had what you have here in the
comment box are haters of mine and his
Dallas
Look at the fanfic world, this one is good.
It's in all the live shows I think it is
banned I will never forget the time that
Javier used the death of his father
Dylantero to try to humiliate him
using the father to hurt the son No
No way I didn't use the father
It was not him who used the father at all.
That is, if the father appeared in that criticism
forward was because he was a dilator when he was
the father died made a video using
That is very sad and very hard to say.
I don't like it but it's literally
did and you can see it is over there
deleted video if you search for deleted video
You find Dylantero's, that is.
literally to ask for patreon is not
that this has happened and then now
I can't look for a job because I want to
do this man let's see
Let's see. In fact, when it is deleted
It's worth it for a reason. It's okay, I hate
Javier from the video he dedicated to
Dylan
Javier is in such a bad way that he is where he is.
the sun warms
I stopped following Leira since I
deleted a comment for taking it to the
respectfully disagree with the topic
no comment at most is banned
here to someone who already has to be
being a pain in the ass like that icle for what
Chopper is banned, he's good, Cho Perez
obsession is Tupa's boss, I know myself
the names eh this is pure disease
pure disease
in my chat and in my sight for a second
so that the monetization is not seen
I put in comments and put
look look
This is so that I know myself
names but the world is the same
fanfic the iclear the Chopper These are
all followers of these canalillos
Okay, and it's pure obsession.
Purísima all day putting because Hey
but they are all comments because you hate
to Dallas, that is, literally here it will be
Also this look look [ __ ] I swear
that I was going to say it right now
I swear I was going to say it now
same look at the one who is here the sick
This jerk of the mood looks
I mean, look, Javi called me without
the nimu for telling him that if the same
auron cover They would have done it
Shut the [ __ ] up, you're not going to
cheer up, hulandrón, look
They are all haters, it doesn't surprise me but
totally but totally let's see how it goes
I would write this What is your Twitter like if not
I have it blocked
but man, I'll have it blocked
wait
[Music]
Do you remember that we saw this one day?
The Avatar the little doll had that spirit
Do you remember that we saw it one day?
the name will have changed or it is a
heavy
It's heavy but good if they upload this
They will surely put the main channel
clip a [ __ ] pain I mean what
people have you in the
the closed the video good guy prepared
because a hot video is coming I've already
Some days I am more attacked and
Furthermore, just today on Twitter I
is attacking I just talked about the
Dallas video where I said like that
ticklers but I never
He defended abstracting images and I in no way
moment of error I criticized him for it or
be the part of the Dallas fandom more
Toxic is the only thing that Javi's fans are
What they do is insult. I have not seen
still no respectful comments from
I don't agree with these people's plan
with you in this he had a plan because such such
It's not all senseless insults, yes.
Turbo town yes Turbo clown yes
cowardly everything absolutely every insult
I mean, they are people, then he told me
I agree in that debate that my
followers were all haters you know the ones
mine and I hadn't seen this but it is
that when I saw it I fell
balls to the floor I swear it has a
video of It's been called for four months
Turbo plan is still very hot because I
I uploaded a video talking about the debate with
Dallas because people said it and it was
clips went viral on TikTok
where they said I had come from
humiliated and on top of that Tala raised the debate
edited not what he told me I remember that I
I said no no I'm not going to upload it edited
and in the end he ended up uploading it edited
There you have the proof on his channel
saying that I came out humiliated when
On top of that debate I apologized that I didn't
I should have done it but I apologized
with him I was a fool for having done that
That meme of the bald Dallas guy, this is a lie.
He didn't apologize for making the meme.
This is a lie
This is a lie, this is also a lie
He didn't apologize for making the meme.
[Music]
respect is earned
He asked us but because of the dance
cyberbullying Well yes it seems like a
out of place comment and I already
I'm sorry but the Meme bastard thing doesn't affect me.
[ __ ] me don't [ __ ] me because it's not
a meme and it's okay that it was out of
place and maybe it bothers you and you don't
I thought now if you think about it then you say
[ __ ] Well yes it makes you feel bad but it's that
I didn't do it with bad intentions or
talking about you and people already talking about me
channel knew in advance with that video
that I wasn't making fun of you and
made many surely came from your
channel So I'm not going to apologize for
Something I'm not going to discuss is cigars
haters because I have been through the
comment box your channel and has
pure hater and you know it and you
you feed if you were a knight and a
mature person you wouldn't get involved with
stupidity
This could have ended a year ago
Uncle As simple as [ __ ] uncle for me
At one time it was a meme, now I realize it
He says that this joke might be a good one
I make a person who is not
accusing these things does not suit him so much
bad and the issue passes but what has happened
and you want innocent uncle sorry I don't
I did it with bad intentions and that's what I did
I'm saying that's what I'm saying to you
saying I didn't do it
notice the difference in attitude, notice
the difference in attitude between mine and
the uncle's, look at the difference
attitude that I have always had, always
will always fix the difference in attitude
he looks like there's a little boy uncle Hello
Javi how have you been? Thanks for your
videos red heart kiss snowflake we call
better
Last night I spent a
A rough night. But hey, here we are.
good
or I don't know if you remember that it was a meme and
that I supported Dallas that season and
You know who doesn't this season?
Javier Oliveira supported Dallas
go no
No
I'm sorry that Javi Oliveira didn't support it.
to Dallas in 2018
No
oh really
that's true
But I thought they were boyfriend and girlfriend since
boy go for God but still no
I have not seen any video of Dallas yet.
accusing Javier Oliveira of being a
stalker because he really was a
The thing is that this is what has balls
you do not know the amount of
nonsense that Javier said
Oliveira on Dallas before
make friends who don't know King Who
you don't know, you don't know, but who
I don't know it, but I do have it on my channel.
and in yours in fact well no no no no
wait let's go further let's go further
Dara's cover without filters
the cover without filter Ah, he changed it
Damn, he had to change it a while ago.
bit
because I would swear that until recently but
nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing the cover does
from dala without filters
It was this video but in its version because
I uploaded the whole thing to Dallas and I
We clarify everything goes here we talk like
Gentlemen, okay, we'll fix everything.
at any hint of any
nonsense in any way, this was fixed
in 2019
in March
after a conciliation
will be in main Dallas had a
This video was owned by Dallas
edited in
the Turbo plan cover this has 2
millions of visits king
Turbo plan this has 2 million
visits
Who doesn't know?
take my Count
The video is closed again, I'm an idiot
I
his thing and giving things away was the
Dallas' biggest internet stalker
I made videos every day and insulted him
I told him nonsense that I don't know if I can
put them in this video because I thought so
demonetize But those of you who are from the
old school no no no no no no
There are bigger bullies now
I mean, there are bigger harassers now and
be careful because the dala
He doesn't come back because there is someone with 200
viewers but there will be a season
more peaceful in which they will return
people and there will be things there will be
little things to see the stalkers look like
what they are in the end and then there will be
crying because then they can't stand anything
No, the truth is that the things that I have
I understand that they are to leave the country but
Well, this has nothing to do with him.
Okay, but I'm a bigger stalker. In that one
moment was the mob of almost the entire
world was the mob of almost everyone
Me, my ex-girlfriend's friends and I
I thought she was a woman abused by
the things he told me, the things that
I told myself I believed I was a Woman
abused and that I was doing the
Well defending it the problem is that the
that he believes it now, that's the problem
you know well old school that
It wasn't that long ago, it was like that
three or four years you know perfectly well
what Javi did before being
Dallas's friend is not dedicated, he was a friend
of miare no my mother what a turn of
nut
two million views This video This
Video is deleted because of an agreement
He asked me in the agreement we made
asked to delete this video
Also, did you believe what they said clearly or
In this video I say the same thing, eh A
I'm worried about what wismichu said.
but I like it because they told me about it
I know that he has mistreated her
to people in this same video who are
deleted and also This video is deleted
it is not even in private
I say it, I say it, I know that
has mistreated people because that is what I
They said But well you will see that it is not
as if I hid this and gave
one change per visit no no no no no there is no
a series of events there is a
series of events
in which I pass from one side to the other based on
a series of tests based on a series
of testimonies based on a lot of
things and I take and fix things with
He very well just gave this story
You have made me very happy today I have to
recognizing the truth has given me
McDonald's joy that I really don't
I expected it, I didn't expect it at all
This video was
with which I pass this video in fact
put the number two in trend that in
back then the trends were worth it
not like now This video with this video
go from 8,000 subscribers to
twenty-something thousand
almost 30,000 and there are a few of
Things to comment on not for those who do not know
what has happened not so that it has not happened
I'm going to leave the video of it.
wismichu the description the counter of
Dallas has already less than 25,000
subscribers in a matter of two
hours are worth little, it seems little to me, it seems little to me
There should be at least a million by now.
or two million fewer people don't matter to me
I'm going to put the worst part of the video, that is, in
I say worse things in that video
but but in that video there were things
worse has not even been put the worst
part of the video This video is a
barbarity or so this video was
the biggest reason
for which I said
you are right, that is when Dallas me
offered conciliation
This video was the one that most
[Music]
chances I had of winning the Dallas
to a trial to me or so this video is a
[ __ ] savagery, I don't even know how I was
This on YouTube, no, no, he was drunk.
What happens here is that
What happened here was that
If I get more of this video I'm going to hurt you know
apart from much of the not by
justify myself because it is my fault
My fault for everything I said in this
video and because of this video it is deleted
for something it is worth the first thing that in 2018 I
he was more chav or rather
canine the following cani of seven
Total virgins still. Well, here we go.
I was already half formalizing here
I was at home with family, I don't know what
but thank goodness you didn't meet me
in such but here
These things that I am telling in
this video
These are things that the other one is telling me
part or that which gives the semea in the
bed, I'm not making that up out of my sleeve.
I tell what happens in this video This
video has its context of course already
I apologized and it's deleted and I
I regret having done it because today
I wouldn't do things like that today, okay, but
evidently the information looks
it turns out that
Dallas had made a game that was the
This furfon is not And then in your account
of
he started fighting with people
okay he started fighting with people and
the melos were managing the account of
Fullphone Twitter and he started to
fight with people So I was
all day touching his [ __ ] touching him
the [ __ ] touching his [ __ ] your games
Total [ __ ] that they
to prick me and to make me jump
evidently because I had them until
the [ __ ] too
They started telling me things like go away
to take care of your daughter
Your wife is a chav who takes photos
with the lips with the lips like that with
the little lips finally made me
turn on and at that moment I have not
made things as they were now
gross not the following
very wild very wild okay
like auronplay when he gets crazier
that never no Then I that night already
but I remember perfectly that I was
in the kitchen smoking and was super
on putting things on the dala son
I'm going to break you like a [ __ ], I don't know what
apart from that I would tell him things like come and you
I'll burst come And I'll burst you I'm going to
there tell me where you know what I'm telling you or
be super super hot
and the other part told me
Tell him this, because you're going to screw him up with this.
because this makes him very ashamed and
Then there like a good cousin and I said you
you pee in bed or something like that I don't remember
no and I recorded the video but come on the video
The video I'm going to make is a wild one.
hurt to tell them things that can
to harm the title itself not who is
goes to bed with children and wakes up peed
a wild [ __ ], that is, she is a [ __ ]
savagery the difference is that this
obviously
very obviously
is recognized and eliminated
and forgiven
with this piece of [ __ ] person and listen
well my words shitty person This
video but this video is very viral for
I tell you everything, all for you.
you have and then centrist that you are
This video is totally dedicated to you and
Yes, I know there are a lot of people who are going to tell me [ __ ].
you still hit yourself and on top of that it's edited and everything
uncle the video
the edited video and all the guys putting them in
[Music]
The channel is not about me hitting myself
all day criticizing Dallas No mi
channel is critical between this same thing
I heard someone say the same thing.
another day Look Listen this is another
many things and if this gentleman is all
the [ __ ] day messing things up and being a [ __ ] fool
ridiculous it's not my fault sometimes you
mark the accent more already already already this is that
is it 2017 or 2018
That is, this makes an egg and what does this make?
five or six years
that he is an [ __ ] with one with
literally the other day to today 2023
one said Exactly the same one said
Exactly the same no no my channel no
is that I try to talk about you my channel is from
criticism And if you screw up all day and
You're an idiot. Well, every day the
videos will be for you no no it's not that you
nothing more than you have an audience that
Demand those videos and you literally have 500
visits talking about eBay or literally
Okay, your channel is critical, so comment.
all topics What happens is that everyone
the topics don't suit you, you know
not getting along with someone at all
world will not take you well but this
being every day shows more the rat The
egg carton on the miserable wall of
person who is made It is that it is that it is not
I find you, son of a [ __ ], that I
I [ __ ] on all your [ __ ] dead people
Let's go because I don't have it in front of me, eh?
I don't headbutt him, eh, or anything, but
my goodness, my goodness, my goodness, my goodness
Mother of God
I mean, but look, I'm getting confused.
talking or rather I get confused
talking okay or so I'm super turned on
super headlock
what is the evolution of the human being
[Music]
I'm trying to argue something
try to explain why it seems very to me
bad person Look at miserable person
that is made It is that it is not
meeting
Well yes, son of a [ __ ], I [ __ ] on you.
all your [ __ ] to take it up the ass and even
arguments for which son of a [ __ ] I [ __ ] myself
in a dead person take for a dead ass. Well
Mother of God, eh, Mother of God. Thank goodness.
that one lived in Seville the other in
In Barcelona there were debates, that is to say there were
There were debates because I, despite
of that in those times every time he
Dallas was telling me about debating So this
It is the history of the internet. This is what it is.
history of the internet that video is viral
that video is viral
because in the agreement I will not see that
video I would have deleted it anyway
ways
but that one is that he has not put the
worst parts of the video there is a part
where I say I would be glad if I saw you
lying in a ditch or something like that no no no
I was super super crazy super
uncontrolled no no obviously but
If you see, I'm not going to justify you.
that video what more put one thing that not
I'm going to justify you, no, I'm not going to tell you.
that it's a meme or anything like that
but that is already more than
apologized more than spoken and more than a thousand
things but not from one day to the next or for
not for a complaint or for anything. I mean
There are a series of events in the
time that makes me see things differently
another way but but that's the
real crazy 89 is the real one
crazy 89 the neighborhood control eh with
the whole neighborhood inside what it is
true that man
Even though I don't like that Javier
olive tree
I like
see the evolution
no no age no age no it is not the
age is not age
I was missing
[Music]
leave the neighborhood no
I like to see the evolution because I
I see that the rest of you have not evolved.
Javi, what did you do with the white chair?
Well, I took her to the factory where
I was working and I ran over her with the wheelbarrow
The fact is that Javi was one of the
people who attacked Dallas the most and
They called it fart and all that. But then they
apologized to him No, that's not all I did
It was a joke by bald Dallas that Dallas
He took it out of context to call me no
I just apologized, I didn't just apologize
Thanks to my evolution and the things that
I was realizing, that is,
character was super powerful, that is to say,
character was powerful the character was
powerful
I didn't just apologize because you
You can excuse yourself as many did.
and out no no no no no no just me
I apologized
I did a lot for the image of Dala that he
also of course and all their struggles
It's yours but I contributed a lot to the change
from the image of Dala
I contributed a lot to that change
very, very much
stalker me and that was one of those
people who had been with him for years
harassed when I never accused him in my life
from being a tea to being a V in my life is
The more I supported him, the more I made videos attacking my
area which you can see because it is in
my channel That is, there are the videos and the
date and you can confirm it and but it is
that you don't have to see what you do
video doesn't stop so as not to attack anyone
has to attack the other, that is, if you
you have criticized her you have criticized her
her because you wanted to criticize her without
even more so on top of that I apologize for
that meme that I shouldn't have made
but the pressure at that moment was two
people against me I don't know I'm human then
I apologize for that if it bothered you.
I still use it to humiliate myself
leave me as if I were humiliated and
Well the thing is that when I or he
He believes that he was humiliated in the debate
for having apologized for a meme that
He didn't apologize, that is, he believes his image
What's in your head, do you think you are?
evolution is much appreciated by you
experience with Dallas debates videos
crossed private conversations between
you etc.
Everything Javi you are the Vegeta of this
anime
everything that has happened to you in life
all your episodes
are part of whatever it is today
If I hadn't gone through all that
today I would not be as I am and I would not
I would have the experience of the tables
knowledge
a thousand things that I am today maybe well yes
I would have kept myself more out of it
would have flown lower Hey, that's wrong
Hey, these are things that are wrong.
evidently she was a [ __ ]
savagery was a [ __ ] savagery, that is
It was a [ __ ] savagery.
but just by giving it I also tell you eh
Only with Dallas
it was as you know
that Javi talks about the debate, he uploaded this
video saying Turbo plan is still very
burned And pay attention to what he says now
beginning of the video because it is from
truth looking and there is a youtuber that I
It's very funny, it's very comical.
Well, I have my story with him, no
It's like we used to get along well.
But one day I decided to criticize
Dallas and he started attacking me.
really here already in a minute what has
said is a lie If you search in the newspaper archives
and you search in order it is not really like that
I have not insulted you because you criticize
Dallas, what happened to me with you was
that you insulted me, be careful, eh?
I attacked him first
because the video has been cut there
the video has been cut there the video has been cut
there let's see wait this was it
here
What happened to me with you was that you
you insult look how the video cuts Look
how it cuts eh Look how it cuts me and
You come here with that face. Look.
how this has been cut note Look eh Look at
me and you come here with that face Look
again but shut your mouth if I
I have videos from 2018 You're trying to me
really accuse something of that
You are trying to accuse me of that I
I say that you are really joking
saying such nonsense Javi you are
[ __ ]
at what point Shut up Shut up
the dirty [ __ ]
Argentina the situation along with momo the
girl also declared on that program No
[ __ ] but now
today
Don't [ __ ] with me
let's see if I can put it on
put it on
when everyone knows it was him
that started attacking me started to
dedicate videos to me at the moment in which
I decided to criticize Dallas for what
Greg's airpods So I made him
video
because of the types of
that I started making videos for him because of
iPods of
Greg I don't remember eh I don't remember
Maybe I don't know, but let's see, I want to.
see what video
how long will that be?
phase at least two years three no
there is no power
for you Maybe something very serious has been said
that it hurt you, eh, in any of those
videos let's watch
At the moment I don't see any video of him here.
I must have gone too far
I must have gone too far.
[Music]
iPods of
Greg Airpod
and there is
Pot my answer had plan that is a
answer some video that makes me think
Hey
This looks at this, this is Greg and the iPods.
final conclusion
Okay, and here I say something hard, I understand.
that hurt him a lot
turbo
exist between Dallas and Turboland that yes
The debate is taking place, I will react to it.
on my secondary channel and on myone and
We will be watching to see what it is
It happens there but it's giving me the
small impression that it is never debated
It's going to happen but okay, give it a like if
you want them to continue
[Music]
Turbo debate
try to make a summary as brief as possible
that it may be worth it Although you will not know
the whole context if you haven't been there
pending the move But oh well
The thing is that it gives him a critique of
Greg bringing up this iPod thing
Okay, that's for sure if you are
informed and Turbo plan makes a video
Calling him a liar and manipulator is fine.
That video also announces it with some
Instagram stories saying that
will demonstrate to its audience that it gives the
a manipulator and who has lied and who
basically all the things that have
said that it is a lie then Dalas is
gets angry and makes a video saying that
Turbo plan would be able to sell to your
mother and instead of answering her with
refute everything that has been the
arguments very very in quotation marks remain
Turbo plan in that video more than anything
controversy has focused on whether Turbo
plan in the past has slandered Dallas
or the crossing is not valid after this
video has basically been Turbo plan
challenging Dallas to a debate In fact
not only in his videos but also
He has also been crossing Twist with him
in which he called him a [ __ ] loser
coward and that the sixth debate of a
damn at the end Dallas ends the
debate but as the only condition what
What is stated is that Turbo plan does not upload the debate
that only Dallas Turbo plan uploads it
does not accept these conditions and refuses to
do the debate but the next day
Dallas gives in and says that
okay that Without conditions that make the
debate that both of them raise it and turbo plan
He says he's going to the village
that he is overwhelmed and is going to the village
Well, I forgot to say one thing.
very important in this
But it is true and it is something very relevant
in fact, and it is that in all this controversy
They've got me again, okay, you again
and I in the middle Well not really
I'm simply involved in the controversy
I have acted as a bit of an intermediary because
They had no way of contacting me and one of them
He told me to tell the other one and he
another me a debate It is the best that is
can do to clarify this situation
and to see who of the two has more
points in its favor is worth it Because in the end and
In the end, I believe that no one ever has the
100% right, I think that Dallas is not right.
is right and is very different from
make a video saying that it is a
manipulator who has deceived his
audience and that he is making it up
anything goes, so it's very different
when I'm trying to remove it
iron to the matter doing a dance and me
He says that this is the cyberbullying dance
Damn, I would get really sick, you can do it
listen to you on what you're doing under
humor but I can [ __ ] on everything
that's not a joke with him if you don't
you want a person to talk to you
WhatsApp, then you just block it and that's it.
Please please give this request
that if you are watching this video let's do it
a direct no and if you do not accept to do the
direct, well, obviously, well
we will know that you are lying No and if not
If you accept my direct, then you're going to stay.
as a coward I don't eat
my balls were swollen So
let's make it seem like the fact that
I didn't answer him and I double-checked him.
as if he had seen the message and then
the morning seems like Uncle South no but it is
that I am literally telling what
has happened
Let's see, I don't know, let's see, he puts something of what
has offended him he puts something of what he
offends to see I'm going to see at that moment and
puts this tweet as proof where it says
I say, take the Dallas p out of your mouth.
and he says that of course I insulted him
First, you don't notice anything strange
not here
It hurts you that a ten-year-old boy
less than you gives you a thousand turns in terms of
critical thinking
10 years younger than me has Turbo plan
Turbo plan it hurts me that you tell your
Mother, I got into your bed
Just kidding, King, you're going to get me another one.
video that you're going to take out another video
tuardío wait let's see what it is
I'm weird here, I don't know, tell me, tell me, no, no
Do you realize that there are some cuts?
tweets up Ah that is cut that
It's cut, I curse the [ __ ], let's see
that is cut off is the public is that
Let's look for those tweets to see what they tell me.
you said let's see let's see let's see Hey listen to me
Good point Good point Turbo plan to see
you see, go [ __ ], because it seems that
that you did tell me something, let's see what you say
I said something so he would tell me to get out
the [ __ ] in the mouth let's see
let's see, let's see my Twitter, let's see my
Terrible tweets
Dallas exposes the conviction of Wismichu and
interview with the alleged victims of
charulet Turbo plan zzz
I don't take any mangel video what has
said Dallas in Lie because I did
I say believe me Turbo plan to bed Angel
completely denies Dallas once
further
Turbo Plan Dallas made a video
complaining and wondering, that is, Turbo
Dallas plan made a video complaining or something
Turbo plan made a video saying that
Dallas had made a video complaining
that he was not invited to Karmaland
This is the attack I did to you Turbo
plan
So this is my manipulation
It's in my manipulation
It's normal that you answer me with insults, eh?
I mean, what you feel is super strong.
I say here, what a lack of respect
What a tough attack, yes, Andy. So it's missing.
You edited that video, Andy.
You posted the screenshot, I didn't post that screenshot.
you put it you cut it out I didn't
but why didn't you put this
because you humiliated me they humiliated me no and
I would look bad if I put this, don't let it happen to me
cloth with him in these two
I played Turbo a lot in these two.
Sorry, it's true, I was the first, uncle.
in insulting
I was the first to insult turbo
You're going to cry, dude, or not before
I told you that, go. It seems that I
You dedicated two tweets, not two. Wow, it seems.
be that you dedicated two twists to me
criticizing me because why because he doesn't
I made a video to wismichu wow It's that
Okay, wait, it turns out now that
I have to make the videos that you make me
you say
Oh, we're already taking everything to the
wismichu terrain Eh no Or how is this going
apart from the fact that I have already spoken many times about
wismichu and I have condemned and I will condemn it
always what he did with charruleto
I haven't said it, I haven't seen it, I haven't seen it
I swear I haven't seen it
I swear I haven't seen it, eh?
I swear I've never seen that before.
I swear to you to be prepared because if you are
has done it, I haven't said it, eh, I swear
that's not it
[Music]
in the Dallas video there is no supposed
Charlotte Wismichu's victim says that
not the one who doesn't know her at all Now it
Let's see, I'm here, I've stayed.
a little hallucinating not in a way that like that
hints that the girl is not going to be
Although she is an actress, not in a way that
Dallas has hired her to do that.
false testimony
That is to say, he is practically accusing you of that.
to Dallas But well Then that's why
says that Charles's testimony
It is false
Behold
the girl who supposedly
to attack Dallas it was obvious to me
I've made it very easy for Dallas too.
but well it was obvious also that
wismichu was leaving him with wings
too easy for wismichu was not going to
playing this trick does not stop to attack
Dallas was obvious, it left you very
easy also Dallas no
the footage I've gotten thanks
to third parties of the things that Dallas says
In their provisions you will see that many of those
things they say violate the rules of
the community and that they are totally
reported this I said in my video
This is something I think he copied a little bit.
before the copying
It seems to me that yes or no
I said that Dallas had videos in the
that says very strong things and that some
They even went against the rules of the
community I said this later in my
videos
It seems to me Well it seems to me no yes I said it
At what minute will I count it because I'm not here?
watching him defend it to see at what minute
damn [ __ ]
no but yes that but yes that he has done
not enough to take and well what
just said wismichu
He doesn't say how he did it with
everyone man has done it with you
because it is an exceptional case
Well and with my are also no and with
Well, maybe he did it with
someone else
Let's see, don't condemn him so much, let's see.
My chat roulette moment arrives
a minor coming out naked would have been me
canceled already at that time I would have been
reported and my account would have been deleted
channel but it was not like that no matter how much the
humor and the perception of things were
different back then the minors
were still minors and were still
protected however How curious that
This theory comes out 8 and 9 years after
those videos that the one who takes it is the one
Dallas himself and also take it out
just a week out Dallas is
using two episodes of context
Dallas implies that it is different
explicit is why you are I know that this
What I'm going to tell has nothing to do with it
but this situation has reminded me of
something that happened to me at school
I don't know if telling this is what has happened to me
remembered this a lot
The thing is, well, I was in class.
and suddenly a girl asked me for a
handkerchief Well when when he condemns it
when they condemn him what a minute
No no, I came to check it out.
the right to report is a sign
that Dallas has relied on
This is that I'm going to fall asleep and now
it is very late
Dallas accuses Wismichu of having taken out
to minors to minors I want you to
you are left with the word Minors in your
charlots and wismichu says that he has not
taken out minors what that one has taken out
girls and I know it because I've seen their
tweets from when I uploaded the videos without
Censorship, be careful because you don't comment on this.
your video because obviously you don't
It is interesting to comment on it, as is Dallas.
He doesn't comment on many things because he doesn't like it.
interested This is the same
wismichu Yes uploaded uncensored videos of
Girls, what happens is that the issue of
Whether they were minors or not, I no longer know.
then of course the difference is
A lot. Because if they are minors, then already
But if they are older, nothing good happens.
Javi for when the game over to Turbo
Plant no Kevin does not have that importance
Nor do I have anything for him.
I am personally against him
answering your video and they are minors because
already
But if they are older, nothing good happens.
Yes it happens but it doesn't happen that much.
a video when I was presenting the
things and when the guy did he went up against
me then the turopland takes and takes out a
video showing me crying next to me
of the wismichu as if the wismichu had
obviously earned something This video is for you
filled to the top with dislikes and
comments disproving your plan
In fact, I don't know if he deleted it and it was here
where I already said, look, it's over, I don't have
nothing to talk about with this piece of
sick because literally that guy is
a very careful patient, the tuboplan
He is so disgustingly sick and
while I was trying to solve it
I was keeping an eye on things with him
send you a list of videos for me
delete mine and delete yours
that again mine were defending me
his accusations the uncle goes and takes advantage of the
Wismichu's last video trash
what he did against me to try to get back
again to be sent to me again
Obviously it backfired and
Look at what the guy says, it can be done
say through tears Haha it was clear
that I was going to answer But well I believed
that people were going to attack you again
But no, what a surprise, incredible truth.
turoplan you tried to escape me again and
you realized that today this time the
people have realized that wismichu
this
the combination he has in this video
that position because it is believed that again
It's going to be 2017 or whatever, but my goodness, well
thank goodness they condemned them a lot
Anyway, I'm not into this.
I'm asking you to make a video for him.
You can make the videos that you want.
the dick what I'm comparing is a
situation with the other, that is, You can
do whatever the hell you want. I mean
Don't make any video of him. It's okay.
your channel is really a lie to me
accusing me of being a liar but eh
I'm the one who attacked you first
Of course Javi Of course Turbo
plan you don't understand my answer Turbo
Shut Up Turbo Plan will not be able to
defend yourself, see, see, see, see and
turbo
This Turbo plan video you don't understand is
a reaction to a video you made of me
literal
Look if it says it here you have done it
awkward position here
introduction reaction to the Turbo video
I put the plan here, you clumsy piece of [ __ ]
You don't understand my answer Turbo plan
My response to Turbo Plan
Shut up Turbo plan won't be able to defend itself
of this where he accuses me of copying
video
I accuse you that there will be no debate
Say hello, dude. I'm not going to collaborate anymore.
with this guy and if he makes more videos for me
I probably won't even answer if he asks me more
videos probably won't even pay attention to them anymore
Turbo plan will not be able to defend itself in fact
that I accuse him of copying videos
Shut the [ __ ] up
and he shows me videos of all the plans
that I accuse him of copying, of copying
attentive videos
Dear King, go and rest now, my love.
I love you, a kiss, I haven't just started
I have a lot of night left
Pay attention to what he says that I accuse him of.
There were no planes but
let's see let's see the whistle
the beep is from the kid's video and it
what has Turbo penises done Turbo plagiarisms
has been
so that it is not noticeable, it was a host
damn deception there were no planes but
investigate it on your own
friends because because it was also a
damn deception, there were no planes
What he did was zoom in on it
Of course, because the kid beeps.
count friends brother there are people The
kid beeps when he says no
There were planes on their own friends
Why? Because he was also a [ __ ]
There was no deception, the kid is worth what he
does is put a roof Here there was no
planes and what Turbo plan does
since the beep can't be removed
we are going to realize how false it is
You see those scenes Why Because
It was also a [ __ ] scam, there was no such thing as
plane zooms in
how tacky is that?
I went with what I could Maradona was a
footballer with great in his own eyes
Maradona crashed thousands of people
who saw it with their own eyes
I want you to see how they crashed
thousands of people who saw it with their
own eyes if it looks so tacky it is
because it was 2001 and handheld cameras
They were [ __ ] potatoes, they weren't going to be able to
Play 4k videos at 60 frames per second
second we are going to see is that they are videos
recorded in 2001 how do you want it to be
see I mean it's not going to be seen in 4k or it was
20 years ago
I accuse him of copying
I say plan is still very burned Dallas
tramples Turbo plan defends Greg
mythomaniac Wow Turbo plan travels from
town to Andorra To caress
grefg Turbo what have you done to me in this
thumbnail But this should be illegal
Aiden blasts Turbo Plant for this
staryuki Put turbon eye in its place eh
which is that of course as I was the first
in making videos bringing up the topic of
staryuki now like Dallas also attacks
staryuki now Javi attacks staryuki
Now Javi attacks Staryuki
Now Javi attacks Staryuki, I get along well
with staryuki and it's a Charm but deny
that its content is based on sexualizing
and the posture is chosen on purpose.
how to deny that water is wet
I literally talk to myself with throwing
that Dallas attacks Staryuki
and then I look at this tweet
Now he attacks because of course because of Dallas
attacks her but nevertheless When I went
the first one who attacked staryuki and gives
I hadn't made any videos about them
She criticized me for attacking Staryuki
literally no I mean literally look
I thought you had a stroke
I don't know how it hasn't hit me yet
let's see, it sounds to me like I had it
authorized that that is a lie I with
This is not going to happen with Staryuki, my [ __ ] life.
the truth
[Music]
my [ __ ] life never never but
If you want to see videos, watch them. That is to say
I don't know how to say it.
like
reacting to videos on Twitch is fine
I like to watch videos, give my opinion, I don't know a thing
a little bit of sauce to me to see a
video and stay quiet OK But it's that
then if you summarize that on YouTube
Let's leave it there, it seems strange to me, let's leave it there
There it seems a little strange to me, not in a way
Damn, since you've seen a video, you give your opinion about it.
he Even if it's something bad I say This
What a video, what do I know? Well, look at that.
I did it with your permission. Well, I said
Well
[Music]
the truth is that no
my secondary channel Javier basically
It's about reacting to video
you better comment on them
from the original video there may be to the video
that I upload, I upload 30 or 40 video
minutes maybe the original video is
15 minutes sometimes I watch Dross videos
The video lasts 10 minutes and when I finish
I've been 50 because I keep stopping the
video and comment
Let's see. It seems fine to me, man. I don't.
would do is the only thing on Twitter
background
it's very good
did so with permission
[Music]
because he invents things
but in fact today I
I have a good relationship with this Yuki, that is.
I spoke to her two or three weeks ago
exactly two or three weeks ago
see
There is a video where I told
Yes, well, here I have this recent tweet.
in which we are interacting
But hey, it's from 2021, you could grab it.
what are you looking at
you could grab onto the fact that before the video
from dala but recently what was what was
in this
Well I've already said it, is it nonsense or
sea ​​didn't get upset with me for anything or
nothing like with YouTube
because I have a very good relationship with
she or at least a cordiality not
but there were some things in the
today's miniature that someone had
sneaked in a little bit, I hadn't even seen her
that you delete the video No no Let's see no no no
no no no that no that there was no little thing
in it there was a little thing a couple of
little things in the miniature that someone
had leaked a little, it was a little thing
unfortunate the truth I mean me when
He told me that he said that I had not even
seen the miniature it is not even that in
a video I made recently
from the topic of staryuca and YouTube gossip
Aiden put her crying in the thumbnail
by her grandmother and asked me to remove it
and I took it off obviously I told Eren
that he would change the Turbo plants skidded
with Staryuki Auronplay
Come on Javi, please, then you complain.
When they tell you that you are the dog of
Dallas [ __ ] is that let's see and now it is
the moment comes where we are going to
react to the gem not the video where
He answers me about Aurora's funa, no.
And let's see here at least what it says, let's see
Here what it says where he defends according to his
research is worth it that is that I
I'm laughing but I don't want to spoil it for you.
because what I'm going to say next is that
It's hilarious But he has done the
investigation and ensures that the captures
of the funa of auron was a conspiracy
and that the captures are false are a
assembly is true
that on November 21st
auronplay gets
This photo of Avatar in which it seems
Jesus Christ also had this photo on the 2nd
December is worth it here we can see it
Here we can see a photo of his profile
then they pass him the Christmas photo
and we can see that indeed
At the end of December he had the photo of
Christmas
but one detail is left out
a detail is left out for some reason that
It would surely be that they gave him the
verified
on a couple of occasions during that stretch
November time
until January
auronplay removes this photo in which
It looks like shrimp and puts another one in
concrete on November 30, 2013
date
which coincides with some of the
conversations of the alleged minor one
from the messages of November 30th
precisely
November 30th
auronplay has another profile picture that
Jesus Christ Shrimp is not his only one
Proof is that there is a tweet from a kid
of November 30th where Auron has
another profile picture my only proof
my only proof
Let's see family, my only test was
are
[Music]
from the almost 10 minutes teaching
One test is worth this one
another one is this
update the information I sent by email
up to 48 hours from then on it is not
updated the Avatar sorry to dismantle you
The Chiringuito
It will take Twitter 48 hours to update it.
Okay, you just took me apart.
Chiringuito completely Twitter is
I spent two days sending you emails
the previous profile picture goes by
Good luck to the friend who just told me
donate money I have another tweet here from
day before not the day after not the day
before in which auronplay already had that
shitty photo
in the Avatar Thanks friend for your Beats
I just re-launched El Chiringuito
auronplay was with another for three days
Different avatar friend and now you can
tell me Well but it is that it is to the
It's better not to have the Auronplay account.
because it is auron instead of auron 0
but maybe this account is that
Carl Navarro likes this guy
is that maybe this Line is not
auronplay is a fan account here you have it
the original tweet to which auronplay in
This capture gives like ok here you have it
original tweet to which auronplay gave
like in 2013 only has three me
Do you like to prepare your online preparation?
your online capture of Claudia by
at least that of November 30, 2013
is falsified
but not only that, but then
There are more occasions when Auron is
changes the Avatar and puts on his face okay
And this is most likely look
That's most likely because of the
I already explained the verified issue, that is
It is much more logical It is much more logical
the explanation that
is that I would do it for the verified one
to the explanation that Turbo wants to give
plan that Twitter was bugged Good but
is that apart from the explanation that has been given
Turbo wait because it's very strong
Well, he's not going to put it, it's not worth it. Then
This doesn't match the profile pictures
that the girl taught not that it was another era
This one is in red according to Javi
This capture proves that Auron had
that profile picture on November 30th
Therefore The captures of the girls
They are false and I know I know that this is
complicated but I really want to ask you
Please, if you want to understand it,
really stay and listen to what I'm saying
to say and watch the full video because
Come on, hard plan, we're going to you, we're going to you
you're going to get angry with the following there is a lot
people who don't even watch my videos and that's it
He attacks me directly without having seen me
the video and I know that this happens and also
Javi has a very dirty strategy
which is to tell people that not even
take me seriously and that I don't even
It's worth watching my videos not in a plan
Nothing is that everything you say is a
stupidity I've seen the thumbnail of the
title because you have sent it to me for
you or passively but it is that really
take Turbo Plan seriously
It's that I can't, it's as if it's that
Here it is a lie per second
putterflex here in the chat suddenly
makes a video
and we have to take it seriously
also or so I really think that
even it is the same level of
credibility this is a strategy that
It works I believe for fools to
say ah don't watch their videos don't go
be that you find out the truth and I am
the theater falls down lest you
you find out the truth and your head falls
theater eh Don't let them find out
of the truth guys That's my That's
my only my only fear is that it might be
that you find out the truth but not that
I have done all these days to win
followers of euros is that they do not deserve the
It's a shame to watch Turbon's videos.
precisely what you want so that you don't
watch the video and why it is complicated to
understand this whole issue of funa pasa
The following And there are many
but what a lot of captures that
They prove that Auron did have that
profile picture but it's not just that
is that the same auron published a tweet
saying that if I changed the photo of
profile on November 21 But this is already
I talked about it in the video but on the 29th and 30th
I don't know if the 1st had another one
There is none
There is no evidence that the 30th
He had this photo himself before the 30th
November when Javi according to his theory
On November 30th, Auron had another photo.
in profile is that this falls by its
own weight because it is not
I am the one who denies it is that
Auron himself denies it with this tweet
where he himself but that thunder
from the 30th is the 21st
There are 10 days left, it says there is a week
before the profile picture was changed and
He put that same photo that matches with
The girl's captures is that
capture of the 30th
and on the 30th there is the 29th and the 30th
There are people who come out with another Avatar
that we already know what was put on
the 21st
So just with Auron's tweet
We already have proof that Auron had
That profile picture then what it says
Javier Oliveira is a joke but
Let's see what he says.
in his video to see him defend himself
because the literal becomes a
mental straw and the saddest thing is that their
followers who must be average
short ones Well instead of thinking a little
Well, they take it and believe it, but it's that
Let's analyze the nonsense that says or
be the theory that Turbo plan has in the
next attention famous profile picture
From the captures I had this photo of
profile that you see in Low resolution
because I haven't been able to get the best
resolution But then you will ask yourselves
If this was the profile picture I had
auron before no later than November 21
because this capture of this guy is from the
November 30, 2013 because there is one
old profile picture Well then
it's just Twitter
let's just say it worked like crap
giant and took a long time to update the
profile photos
that Twitter worked like [ __ ]
giant and it took a while to update the photo
in profile and I have seen this because there is
a lot of people and when I say a lot
many people who had the same thing happen to them
problem that Twitter was not updating
the profile picture and it took like several
days to update it here of these
screenshots you are seeing
On screen Twitter doesn't update me
updates my profile picture
My Twitter profile picture is not available
updates
And this is the [ __ ] [ __ ] video
has cut a piece of my video there
short explanation now
Shorten has said that he was going to put the
explanation
It has been cut off by Twitter and is not updating.
And this is the [ __ ] [ __ ] video of
true Turbo plan
shorten the explanation
[Laughs]
has cut by the [ __ ] face
He cut off what video for the [ __ ] face
was this mine
my mother but
clear
is that this one does not
It's that clear This is what this is what
that he wants
cut paste I will not answer you anymore
nothing to this man look at the explanation
that I give look
I updated my profile picture and it took a while
like several days to update it
the one here from these screenshots
What are you seeing on the screen? Twitter
It updates me, it doesn't update my photo.
profile
that my Twitter profile picture is not
It is updated. That is, there are times when Twitter
There are days when it breaks down and doesn't work.
that falls that I don't know what that I don't know
how much and when are you going to change the photo
profile because it is not updated, you give it to
close and I don't know such but not the photo of
the others
That is what Turbo plan is telling you.
with which you interpret these captures
Look at the screenshots please read them
you can see it you can check it out I don't know
I'm making it up, it happened to him, I didn't tell him
I'm inventing a lot of people and
There are probably people watching
This video that Twitter had in that
time and you can leave me in the
comments if you also have
the same thing happened because there is surely
many people who have had the same thing happen to them
problem to someone of the 4,000 people
that you are here and of those who see the
summary video please has anyone
past
that the profile picture of a person appears to you
person
that I had
almost three weeks before please
even tweets from two years ago or so
that this problem continues to happen
Please is the best. Fix your [ __ ].
platform in the masks
Please Elon
And this is the [ __ ] [ __ ] video of
true Turbo plan
I mean, look, crazy, short, or macho
or rather But he cut that so that it wouldn't
listen
Of course this is like me to this man
I don't answer him anymore, I don't care, no, I don't, no
If you spam me again, I'm going to finish this one.
video that remains what else does it say about me
Don't tell me anything about this guy anymore or
be the screenshots that Turbo
plan puts the accent mark yes the accent mark
accent but it certainly doesn't say anything about it
draft that is here not the draft No
He is going to justify marking them. Yes, but
the same thing he said about the childe already
we saw it
or rather But he has cut the part where
I literally say Look, I say Look
The captures that are being put in Las
screenshots that no one is saying
that Twitter does not update your photo
profile of others
from three weeks ago
They are referring to yours Twitter no
He updates my profile picture which he doesn't like
updates that he is trying to change it
and it is not updated
You really don't understand it at all.
another way
you understand it differently
suits below not where it says I'm going to V
Don't ask me why it says this.
the truth is why in those messages it says
via with accent not effectively
It seems that it is possible that Twitter
send messages where it says via Twitter
without accent on the i it is perfectly
possible In fact if there are people who
have Twitter and have messages on it
You can check the mail from that time
yourselves that this is
perfectly possible in fact there has been
a person I am very grateful for
the information that has messages from
Twitter
It's not worth watching your videos.
where you deceive people by saying it's going to
have a debate with auron auron is going to
go crazier than ever as much as
exclusives I didn't see a comment recently
in a video of mine that said Javier Olivera
He's like the uncle of the exclusives of the
Chiringuito does not say that it has many
exclusive but then everything is a lie or
it is that completely real by with
In order to gain visits you tell lies
Ricardo, a kiss, this reminds me
every time as when they say no it is that the
videos of giving [ __ ] look look at the
chroma How bad it is yes [ __ ] But to
It makes your day if there is no Dalas, no
Many of you eat that only
I am Dalas
Or is it that the Dallas video was so bad today?
Look, it's in this little word Look, this
another little word How bad it is that it doesn't deserve
be on YouTube but now it wouldn't be
On YouTube you wouldn't be there, okay?
but apart we will see
how can it be a lie
none of the exclusives that I give
if it is not only more than public that
the protagonists of these exclusives are
they talk to me
to the only channel that has given it
interviews with auronplay has been to me
in the same days that I was giving
That exclusive and Taiza sends me a video
exclusively for me to put it
Beijing Enter my live
that auron that auron was going to
go crazier than ever, he said
Does anyone believe that I made it up?
the face and I feel like saying that that day
you were all watching me
exclusive and the next day everything
You made a video of my exclusive
without further ado
but apart from that, how am I going to invent it?
Turbo plan but if the next day the
auron himself
put a story
calmly saying that there will be time
to beat all the rats on the back
but it is simply thinking about
logic
I made it up, but yes, Auron
He posted a story saying that they gave him
the back to all the rats not Or the
I also made up the story
I invented the story Turbo plan
I pick up Auron's phone, I pick up the
auron's mobile and I put that story
but it is that any any what
nonsense is that nonsense but if the
Beijing itself Enter my live No
I think there are no shorts like that.
[Music]
These exclusives are not for nothing
invented
invented the 47 seconds were
[Music]
the people from Javi's live show Before
nothing and I tell you one thing my video is
literally a feature film so much is the
feature film level that literally
has this post credits scene So
This is a completely real exclusive
there was one
There was one that entered Beijing but I don't know
if it is in the
Ramón Today is another day that I study
logistics
look
and I wanted to clarify that Sara in what is
A message from Taiza directly to me
channel that by the way the other day I
He also asked for one thing so that
contacted Auron for a
theme and we also made it so that it is
I'm not going to tell you privately
In the afternoon we were all five together
and well
That afternoon we had the five of us gathered
Turbo plan do you know who the five are?
Javier oliveira auronplay Sara Virgin and
Taiza and The boy from the interview and
Taiza
clearing things up so that later
next day you have content
basically she keeps thinking
that I but this is now well entering
on my channel is that I don't understand what it is
that
what am I supposed to have
invented I think by a kindergartner
understands more than Turbo crying face of
laugh but I don't understand
really I mean me
I was here right now listening to the
Turbo plan video we have seen it I have seen it
answered everything but really
has a misconception of the
I say things now without meaning to offend you
And from here I tell you one thing: Turbo plan
Now each one goes his own way, okay?
each one on his own
all my videos all absolutely
everyone and also look people are leaving me
with you Turbo all of them absolutely my
videos that I dedicated to you have been
responding to your mentions all and
You can check it and if not, then
better than giving the smack a video I do it
reacted as he reacts, anything goes
like when you do my interview with
auron when you have reacted to things
mine of the exclusives of these days and
The rest is already fine.
You made me a video, you didn't want to.
come to debate you have invented a
roll that you were editing a video
after you are on vacation then
the holidays are over since
Here I publicly ask all my
followers, forget about Turbo plan
okay if you put some tweet if you put what
so don't answer anymore
noted says noted says
without more it does not exist for us, it does not exist for me
spam me again if I tweet yes
makes a mention of me
It doesn't exist, okay, it won't go anywhere.
under no circumstances will he apologize
each one for himself Turbo plan if there is
you look for it
each one on his own is fine, I've left it
It's very clear now. You have your point of view.
view You have your mind in which you
You say that he cannot be called an abuser
your life and your move that you keep quiet
[ __ ] mouth and I this because the [ __ ] you talk
What I was saying is fine. You're done.
You have your position and I have mine.
I think the screenshots from the 30th
November were fake okay you think
that you don't think Twitter was doing very badly
that Twitter was [ __ ] and that Twitter
I showed you the photo of the people from 20 days ago
before very well Turbo plan for you You
You think there is no evidence that it costs
be a very good abuser and that and that the
photo of the girl was surely leaked
unintentionally very good for title plan
for you it is worth please publicly by
favor
don't insult me ​​anymore
Don't even mention it to me again if it could be.
shut your [ __ ] mouth
He's not going to get off there, he's not going to get off there
from there he will not even come to his senses or anything or
whether it was you the quality or the
strategy that has been set up instead of
having spoken here as a person is done
a video cuts it here cuts it here
Turbo Black don't mention me anymore about
Don't insult me ​​anymore if
you want to react to my videos when
I give some exclusives when I give
an interview or whatever can
react without any problem but to
attack me and insult me, that's it.
I'm not going to mention you here anymore.
your name will come out more and less today than
I'm going to give this extract the title
Now there is a debate, okay?
each one on his own
It's just silly to waste time on this.
Look, I know that we are going away until
people uncle
if we lose even the people, if it is
that it doesn't have any visitors, no
has no more route
Javi there is a controversy with chocas and Bye
Well, I imagine he put it on me.
places
It's just that it's boring
people are leaving us, people are leaving us. Look how
We are with 600 people on Twitch
[Music]
I think we have to count then for
make up for lost time in
this direct
to make up for lost time
in this live
I think we have to talk about one
sauce
quite powerful
that has taken place
in the last few hours
Auron's brother has put some
New stories Thank you very much Blas
Thank you so much for remembering everyone
that you are the member link is worth it
in case anyone wants to become a member and
that we reach 3000, brother of
Auron has posted some stories
has posted some stories
very strong very strong
These are going to give a lot to talk about.
stories I think this is not going to happen
stay here or yes
We'll see. Okay, now you tell me what.
You think, by the way, I don't know what I don't know
What happened to Jordi yesterday I know it was
trend with a roll of
that they accused him of I don't know what but I don't know
what it is
I don't know what it is
Can someone give me context and
Please summarize me in the chat
So yesterday something happened with Jordi that Jordi
it was super viral
You don't know what happened yesterday because of this
This was why it was the stories of the
Auron's brother
Ah, so what Jordi did yesterday was
this
Ah I thought this I thought this
Ruben had put it there
taking advantage of the virality of no no I mean
It was because of this
Oh well this is very strong Look I am a
Spanish male Well he is very strong who
[ __ ] does the montages with the doll
He will do it himself for Ruben
Well
I am a Spanish male, I consider myself a sexy actor
frustrated And I'm going to be a feminist I'm going to
make a podcast just in case
I'm not going to give any doubt about the first sentence.
make a podcast about being a cult for
to divert attention from how he used the
women to earn money by forcing them to
appearing in my shitty videos and signing
contracts being girls so that I don't
claim image rights and if they
They complain and I hit them twice because I am
very man
Grandpa, I finally find you live.
What a blessing Hey, I wanted to ask you
I want to see you react to a video
old Dross that has chicha and with
your knowledge on the subject I feel that
It would be very interesting how much dollar
I would need 20 days for that.
I don't know what you want, but not today.
Today is not valid, today we already have content
let's see for complaint for complaint is
complicated because it has not given a man or
whether it is for complaint or not, it is evidently
you know I think there is no secret
Who is Auron's brother's girlfriend?
No, I mean, that's not a secret, I can't.
say no I ask
With all due respect, eh always
I don't want it is known it is not known who is the
Auron's sister-in-law, it's not known, okay, okay
Okay
let's see
to post these Instagram stories
to post those Instagram stories
Knowing who your partner is, it gives
little room for speculation
I don't know if the stories are in order
as such let's see why Karime has given them to me
sent and here it says 6 minutes 18 18 22 O
the oldest one would actually be
This one we saw yesterday, no, not Dallas.
This one has sodomized 90% of the
panorama to know 5% of what I know
and because it leaves my circle
and because it leaves my circle What is it?
refers to what gives the knowledge that
Dallas doesn't know more because he's not in.
of the circle
I can now go out and be a dictator and
take Putin's place
the following stories these two
they would not be the same age
you can win a war against someone who
He has been dead in life for years and his
The biggest dream would be not to exist. Try it.
you can't win a war
to someone who has been dead for years
life and that his greatest dream would be not to
existing is like a challenge Well it could be
a challenge to Jordi del palo himself, come on
answer answer no
Well I don't know why this series is here
interior not anterior Sorry I don't understand
much This is not
I have been silent for a long time watching
people suffer and cry
and drag me down because of you
You sons of [ __ ] are going to cry blood
Auron's brother is not at all a
Random that guy knows more about the internet than
Raúl you and I and half of Twitter together This
yes it's true
That's right, okay?
let's see honestly
Dalas on many occasions
He said things about Jordi Vale
Dale has said things on many occasions
very strong from Jordi
and so far Jordi has not sued
nothing is worth it
that Willyrex does a collaboration with
Jordi Wilde, a tremendous child molester
that he asked him
nudes to my ex
and even a friend of Lizzy and mine
when I was younger anyway
that I asked my ex for nudes didn't bother me
I remembered that he said This good thing he published
some did not publish did not count as one
conversation no
Not here now you go Jordi Wild I don't like it anymore
I'm going to put things away like before and I'm leaving.
to limit ourselves to counting the things that were
public now people will know what
that I have been keeping from you all
these years
Well here he did it not for this time
made the videos no
around this time he made the videos no
Hey, for me this you is key, could
It may or may not be related to what
is saying
Ruben doesn't hear Jordi
Well
[ __ ]
Well, he stays stuck there, he has a tail
Disgusting
Jordi versus dada
Jordi versus dada Bueno to the brother of
Auron is not 100% mentally fit.
I think that what he says about sticking
Auron's brother went to the ex-girlfriend
Jordi himself confessed in a podcast that
he had hit an ex of his
That's true, don't put one here.
nonsense that cannot be approved
that's true
No, don't put nonsense here that I don't know.
can try it eh
[ __ ] this is this no no no it's not my internet
the video is bugged at the moment
the video
He said it in a podcast
I don't believe it, someone has it
someone has it
Where can I see that?
Hey Jordi Wild it seems you have
forgotten that you attacked one of
your girlfriends and then you asked her not to
tell your family because you don't
They would want for her, do you remember that?
in a car when arguing
Come on, but how are you going to tell that?
It is impossible to find that no
it is impossible not to
where can I find it
not in Boca but no you don't have the weather to
hand way to find it
with moto papi but on his channel or on the
of motorcycle daddy
He didn't say he would hit her, he said they gave each other
both
in Jordi's video or in the video we have
made daddy
and how the hell did they upload that?
I want that
Let's see, the videos don't have a transcript.
we have done daddy
in The Wild Project vale
Let's see and what I could look for in the
transcription
car
I have all of them 100% so it's okay I don't
The only blame that can be taken from him
is that he had to have cut it and he didn't
did but it was 100% my fault then
we left there in a terrible mood
we got into the car I was driving it was raining
It's just that it was all like a movie
It was terrifying, man, and then everything was reactivated. Yes
and the screams started and I didn't... I mean, I saw
when they yell at me and an argument
couple whatever I grab my stuff and
I look at myself, I go, I go and when it calms down
the thing will come back and we go down son of a [ __ ]
[ __ ] Call me a bastard but don't call me
Don't shout, man, don't shout at me like I do.
you're just like me, eh, we were
you're just like me, I made the car, man, and the
Things got out of hand if it started and it has
things are left blurred because they were
reactions began
and we go down to yell at me too
here to the ear Imagine me like this
some
very very unpleasant roll all I was going
warning me don't yell at me please don't yell at me
scream don't scream at me and in the end uncle the
only time in my life that has happened to me and
That's the point where you already know that
the relationship is broken but now
Now comes the most to see I don't know if
He says this or he says it like this. In other words, it is not true.
Nothing strong but I hit her to get rid of it
from above Never Never had ever happened
or rather in my entire life And it will never
happen again but it was the scare
That is to say it wasn't. Yes, it was to kill us because
and I slammed on the brakes in fright, man.
yesterday because there was almost no traffic
It was night, yes, yes, it was the outskirts
If we see traffic we'll get killed.
We both hit each other because it was all so
impact and I don't remember anymore, it's just that I don't remember
I remember exactly how it was
and then it was like a shock you know how
when the guy who is the guy in the
floor and throw a bucket of cold water on the floor
to wake up and suddenly everything and
you realize that you have been
arguing over something stupid and you give up
realize that we are reaching a
point of verbal and physical aggression
both sides were reaching those
completely
is that you can't continue like this because even
so you can see what they are like
toxic relationships even then
of a time
I mean, not strong at all, but I hit her to
take off Neverland had happened
never or in my whole life And it will never
happen again but it was the scare
That is to say it wasn't. Yes, it was to kill us because
and I slammed on the brakes in fright, man.
yesterday because there was almost no traffic
It was night, yes, yes, it was the outskirts
If we see traffic we'll get killed.
We both hit each other because it was all so
impact and I don't remember anymore, it's just that I don't remember
I remember exactly how it was
and then it was like a shock you know how
when the guy who is the guy in the
floor and throw a bucket of cold water on the floor
to wake up and suddenly see everything and
you realize that you have been
arguing over something stupid and you give up
realize that we are reaching a
point of verbal and physical aggression
both parties
why does this count
That is, what is the idea of
What is the idea of ​​opening a live and
start telling this
What is the idea?
Maybe he told it in case they give it
account that it hurt less But what is the
[ __ ] I didn't know that eh They weren't founded by
not even this
Thank you very much Martin
I don't know, I don't think so, I think he doesn't like me, eh?
but apart from that no
Imagine, imagine, kid, those things
They have to say on their networks if they want
you know how to say it
my mother
my goodness, how ugly
How ugly I have not been left is that I did not know
that's it, man
I didn't know, I didn't know that
and how have they not founded it?
that's why
That is, since no one was one for this or
I have not found out about this as a channel
of gossip
in the Nauter Channel it had come out
this clip
If they banned him, I don't understand the reason.
of
Let's see what places send me
where do I have to start
Dale puts a strike on tweets to the million
and this one answers live, let me see this
I knew it
I literally knew nothing more than what I saw
I just saw New York yesterday
reacting to Dallas but otherwise not
They react to Dallas and I am I am
against the strikes you already know that no
I defend it not for nothing but because yes
We all get connected
we are left without channels and we are not
we use other people's content but
if he knows that he is a guy you have
desired
that there is no platform that does not
has to be on any network that all
the platforms should take away the
monetization and the Partner of all
parts
and now take the video of Dallas
and you start entertaining
on your channel while you're eating
I think I was eating when I wasn't
when not but look at what chroma more
Bad but what a cringe Oh but it is
What a silly joke. Oh, but it is
that the arguments of Dallas but Damn
but the video makes you not
It's just that it makes me laugh a lot because
then those who complain about the video of
Dallas How bad they are How bad they are What
bad are
No no, I don't, I don't think he told him.
cat I think he told him, let's go if he told him
I would have said it, I would have told him
There it is. Hey, look at the York reacting a
your video
but no no no no no no it wasn't the cat I think
They will also tell Ari to speak out
against Jordi no but not without Angel it is not
the case as it is currently Look for example
Yesterday I posted a tweet saying what Aby did.
Well Abi I guess
Feminist Abby is not going to speak out
on the subject of coscu Why Because
wants to be on the red carpet of the
evening But there you are obsessed with
I don't give a damn about her, I don't give a damn about her
everyone, let's see how you find out what's happening
that she was the one who said she always goes
to always be on the side of the victim
will be pointing this out pointing it out
another no
She is going to join the funa that they are
well seen by the mob and here you have it
a clear viral example where the logical thing
It would be that the feminist Avi
it was pronounced but of course then how
will regulate by the red carpet of
theevening
Well let's see what the million said.
definition of cancer personified
see
cancer personified
you must have a shitty life
to watch an 8-hour stream of mine
playing LoL to get a strike
for copying This is the typical one that is said
No, Ah, he has already taken it and checked everything.
My channel has swallowed 8 hours of the
LoL no we were here in
straight in fact and suddenly I don't
I agree who was luar or biden, that is, the
people warn you Hey look that million
is watching your video Hey, the best
He has insulted you. No one has seen you for 8 hours.
you already playing lol
Do you know who was here first?
mating the animal
showing it and I make more videos and
then when the animal was free
Do you know who utbh Javier Oliveira the guy?
Sur Greff and Gemita can ask for those
here when he feels like it Ah
It's true we have to see what Frank did.
it costs then
It's true
you know why Because I asked for help and
They left without saying anything
Okay and without asking for anything Javier Oliveira
uncle
and its good that not on top because I have
having said what there is
Oh, you have a new strike now, right?
you're scared no why don't you insult me
how you insulted your ex
the million Javier Iveira does come for
why don't you insult me ​​like you insulted your
ex for 20 minutes in a video alone
because he gave you a strike
that later they banned you from the platform Y
you're hanging by a thread on Twitch
Come on, insult me, I'll insult you too. Okay, look.
Dallas has taken a strike
insult me ​​for Dallas
Javi Oliveira, uncle
Well that's not because I told him what
Here comes a two-hour television
Come on, he threw me a video and he put it in me.
a copyright strike
because I watched 4 minutes of your video that
I almost got cancer literally it was a
50 minute video I watched 4 minutes
He spoke about it 73 times about the same thing
It's your video that talks about him is that to me
These things are true. I mean, and look at that.
I watch videos from all over the world who
I get along well and I get along badly.
been here for two hours watching a video of
Turbo plan and I haven't told him anything like that
that I get cancer or something like that Javi you will go to
the jungle with Frank on his show
I'll probably end up going anyway
time to see
Obviously he called me first and
Also Javi before telling anyone
This for you I don't know that I don't know how much it's going to be
be very handsome and I have the
Chrome disease problem
then I'm very scared
Thailand is a very different country
Yes I could go with Uncle Sur to
reconcile with him there no
Let's see, in the end I'll end up going because no
All the YouTubers are going to go except me.
I am your colleague but I am afraid of you.
afraid to see what I told him was Fran
food this that no
Thai food kills you Javi le
It seems sick that they watch their live shows
of LOL but it doesn't seem sick to him
swallow someone's live videos
that they already go with but it makes me very
grace the superiority with which he goes
not with the two minutes we saw here
second I don't remember what the piece
that we saw here of him watching the video of the
Dallas was but this argument is
but this video is that it is
It's crap but the video is
very bad, both in terms of arguments and content
It was a 40-minute video of pure
Salseo as entertainment was brutal
Yesterday we had a great afternoon.
The problem is that the video is not your Target.
If he gives it to you, he wouldn't give you a strike.
you wouldn't be struck by the dala you
you would be filling it directly with that
now he is not on his Stream talking about
he
How how how to Take a Park crocs for
the doubts that need to be fought with
Someone Yes yes yes yes I'm going I'm going with Crocs
Let's see, in the end I'll end up going clearly and that's it.
You know that I have a lot of appreciation for Fran
and everything that involves collaborating with him
I don't know what you meant, Jimena.
but that's what I'm telling you
If Dala didn't throw the videos at you
They would put the main videos of the
moves he makes to fill live shows
in the afternoon if he talks about Ari if he talks about
Goku
the auron issue
Of course I would do it, what happens is that you
puts strike But you and others but it is that
That's not how I am, I'm not in favor of it.
of the strikes Of course because
So, look, I'm not going to the [ __ ].
[ __ ] I don't
but I also understand the other one
part
I also understand the other party and I
There are a few that I would put
strike of those who are there what happens
Then I say no, I'm not going to put it in.
because it goes against my
principles of work are valid but at the level
I have no lack of personal desire to
a few like [ __ ] son of a [ __ ]
you live off me is not the million dollar case
because the million is not that I live off
Dallas or anyone else's, but there are others who
They literally live in Dallas
literal
Okay, and now every video he makes
Dallas each video no longer just in one
This controversy is as important as the ones that
we see here
but things that I have not even seen that if he
gives them a laboratory that if the
Dala thinks I don't know what about uncle about what
be but Dallas
It's like a branch of Dallas but they are put
the entire videos for
put a little sticker on each sentence that
Say damn, but it makes you, it makes you
the work
and before I had to go to
emergency room due to a cancer attack
extreme I had to remove it and still I
copyist and remained
You removed it because it gives you a strike
Well, if you don't entertain yourself all afternoon
with that he takes the ham and loin to
Frank a kiss
As in all the videos, it is that it is
impressive I have sent 50 emails to
Partner just to touch his [ __ ]
I'm telling you
Partner gel to remove my strike
because that is fair one is two he
watched four minutes of that [ __ ] [ __ ]
You know, they would have to tell me
They would have to report him and put him in jail.
strikes for making such a mess
video Not me for watching it unintentionally
means
Besides, that guy hasn't bathed.
because nobody cares enough
Twitch but in a really bad way that Twitch is
put a little of my side for a [ __ ]
maybe not but here the one who makes content
healthy inside Compared to yours
My healthy you know Yes yes very healthy very healthy
your content now what is it based on
million to be there in a casino
You only need a small glass of rum and a
pure in vain
and I'm going to keep quiet because they occur to me
more ideas
that is, in a very, very, very healthy way
mother there of course
who makes healthy content every day
Well, seven years ago it was me
Noel that's why you are waiting for a
thread your channel is pending a thread of
close again
with which
For once, take me away from the
strike No, it's not my fault, I haven't done anything
Nothing, [ __ ] me, but how about how about
You must be a loser. Now seriously, what?
What kind of loser and bitter person you must be
to go watch one of my LOL videos
crying from second one until
until 8 hours to find when
I see a video of yours
for two minutes and have to send
50 [ __ ] apps for you to copy me
bring that is to say how much garbage there is
be your life
it's serious
it's crazy
I think YouTube should take
measures I think Twitch should take
measures and that this man should leave
remained on all platforms and not
He should not even be allowed to have sponsors.
nor have a channel to express themselves
They blew it off, it doesn't matter even if it is
they have said it even if they have told him
exactly the moment now we are going to
say they have told him exactly the
moment it takes [ __ ] 40 minutes or
an hour of time to send that
40 minutes
[ __ ] being your life I mean really
you have some time a little free time
And instead of what do I know, go for a walk
back to go have a coffee and have a drink
[ __ ] your girlfriend to do something
handsome with your [ __ ] life but you have to
send a request for you to copy try
Ken to mine as a [ __ ] [ __ ] of being
your reality
it's serious
What kind of life do you live? That's what it is.
that is very sad and very pathetic you know
you are doing such that they would have stopped you
continue but he starts to see the
the uncle south starts watching One that he screwed her
the loser from Dallas that Dallas can
found whoever and is doing a
Please, that is, if you lost four
Follows visits of [ __ ] Thanks man
60,000 a million
60,000 I tell you seriously when you are going to
Twitter and you see someone talking to
some of the terms you use
Dallas you have 100% security
to be able to affirm that that person is
[ __ ] in plan but
but tremendously [ __ ] when there is
someone on Twitter who picks up and responds
So that guy is a violin or says
It's that guy I don't know what O says Ah
It is true that the million defend Coco
Hey, the million defends Coco, but
Now let's see for a moment because I don't know if
There he is already telling you everything
the million defend coco
yes yes yes yes yes yes look
look
He says that what Goku did was a
random
from 50 years ago
How are you going to try to found it?
that stuff like what else which other
Dallas expression
wismichuk you know when you see that
Someone uses any of those, they see you
videos
you are put in the Lore terms that
uses Dallas
You can instantly secure and
affirm with 100% certainty that this
man it's a [ __ ] saying that with this
controversy the Miller has made his most tweet
based on his life story
copy-paste definition of cancer
personified either of having a life
shitty to watch one of my 8h streams
playing LoL based
the hands No longer perhaps subnormal but
that he is not a very intelligent person
Okay, I think someone who follows
blindly to Dallas that one has been seen
of his videos to this day where he
the only thing you do is eat your own [ __ ]
from the first second of the video to the
minute
Dala eats his own [ __ ], someone tells you.
Uncle, I don't know if you know how it is
calls
but I have no [ __ ] idea how it is
call me I know him by the name that he
it is put
the best
call you directly the million
yes yes
and that all your stage name is yours
accounts your channels are the largest
I didn't say I had only seen 4 minutes
doesn't see everything
but what a whining eh
what a whining eh
the chat is really pathetic, dude.
greater than the million I don't know
he put
the chat the chat me every time we see a
million video is the chat are like
copy Vegas and go on and that's it
250 50 minutes of video where 48 of
They are the car eating the [ __ ]
over and over and over again [ __ ] time and talking about
how unfair a life has been and
crying because they messed with me
You already know the saying that Dallas of
When the river sounds, water carries it.
What happened to you, everyone goes with the
that you have been accused of probably were not
very far away they are not very far from the
reality but as
as
You know that saying that Dallas from When the
River sounds, water carries what has happened to you
past you when the river sounds water
Take all the things that have been
accused of all the things of which they are
accused were probably not far away
it is not far from reality
we're probably not far from the uncle
This guy is stupid
This guy is dumb, but dumb, dumb, dumb
Uncle, but there are judgments in trials
video
girls who have come out later to say how
things were planned
[Laughs]
capable host and believes himself capable as long as he plows
Dallas that the marloe is not something no
burning it is a different dog Wow
uncle
Wow man this guy is very stupid eh he knows it
He's not going to look for Dallas when he sees this.
he's going to eat it
he's going to eat it, uncle
because it's that million with that video
who has been insulting for 20 minutes
Cristinini
don't get involved in these things, man
He's going to eat it in Lara and it's also
who is very short uncle is very short uncle
But but oh well
when someone
uses the terms and is able to see
a whole video of Dallas and not say
This guy is an [ __ ] and he is a
extreme narcissistic egocentric say I
Well, you could also say I am one.
It's worth little, I'm aware of my
qualities and for my content I like it
exaggerate it and say them okay you could say
that is different Well I am aware
when I talk about myself and I do it to
knowing that I'm talking about myself
same to create content he doesn't he doesn't
Okay
But well summary
[Music]
Dallas can report him for that, right?
Let's see, you can, you can report it.
whatever you want but have it
tour one thing to see has to be
something heavier
I also think that the literal words
have surely been all things
that they have accused him, let's see
I'm probably not that far away, no.
surely let's see
Let's see, I don't know what to say, honestly, I don't know.
what would happen but for me they need
Anything else
but he will make a video that will put it
Philippine fine
man
Totally No
look, it puts places here for me
full reaction 26 minutes
That is, the guy was watching
for 26
the uncle had for 26 minutes
watching Dala's video or all of them
And at what minute do you leave it?
in 10 it is totally real
I wish someone had won who
need the money is a stupid thing to do
everyone needs money people
who has more money and I spend more
big ones too are not very bad to anyone
the videos guys
very bad they are very bad they are very bad and
You can see everything, man, and what happened?
saying in summary of what he said
What a liar
Let's see if Dallas has a little attitude
sectarian and is quite [ __ ] and its
vipers are worse than that but
the only person who talks about controversies
I defend to the death that he is a bad person
sir here, this gentleman here has
This gentleman here has problems
problems this person is not seeing the
head is this person has been the only one
person on the internet in my like 67 years
that I have been in this that has seemed to me a
bad person for the treatment I have received
I with him the whitewashing that is cringe that
your videos are bad and you don't have
grace as I could have But that is not
which makes me think it's bad
person which makes me think that it is
bad person is the interactions
private conversations I have with him when I
They had changed from Twitch and wrote to me
every day for like a week straight
without me answering him and he would have
mede on Twitter and laughed at me because
I was bathed in Twitch and I was telling myself
that he was happy because of course, of course
clear
That is, he is a bad person
Ah he is bad How bad he is
How bad huh
How bad
How bad is Dallas?
I think YouTube should take
measures I think Twitch should take
measures and that this man should leave
remained on all platforms and not
He should not even be allowed to have sponsors.
nor have a channel where I can express myself
I would literally do it too
I would do it too
I would do it eh I also tweeted him
where it said that I did not agree
with him that is the level of those levels I
I am a tweet
why were you laughing at me because I was
bathed in Twitch and told me that he
I was happy because I tweeted him where
He said that I didn't agree with him
because I tweeted him, says the liar
Uncle, what a liar, of course. What a liar.
uncle they don't fail
What a liar
that is the level of those levels of
psychopathy, that is not being well
head that is of a bad person is of
be sick and also that he also
He knows he is a bad person because of the kind of
videos that they make because one thing is
make a gossip video
Javi convinces Dallas not to do it
video or that guy is looking for the
mouth to Dallas so that he has
repercussion so that it becomes again
accepted I can't guarantee you anything
the only one to see if it is true that what
better not want to give them diffusion like that
It may be one of the reasons why
don't make videos of him
And because also if he is throwing it
strike because they can start a war of
There are quite absurd stars, no? And the
another is to seek the ruin of people
the ones you make a video, a twee, a you and him
will surely put a you and I say or a
tweet this is also a factor that is
one of the ones that I consider makes him
be a bad person and you can
make a video talking about a gossip
giving your opinion of a gossip you can
take and say Ah well auronplay me
It seems that it should be removed or Well, I
I think what he did was fine
You can give your opinion about a gossip
You can even put some stick to it
someone who is furious and that's it
It is because you want it to be
working properly And I don't think so
that makes you a bad person
difference is that this gentleman the great
Most of the videos he makes referring to
someone wants to try to destroy the
careers of those people
literally in what you asked for him
It's literally what you asked for him
Your ultimate goal is the way in which
The video presents the way in which
the video raises is to try to do and
get with each person you
He deals on the Internet with what he likes
they did I don't know if it's completely
traumatized and wants to make everyone feel
world as they made him feel
but he tries to destroy the image and the
career of each person to whom the
who speaks and I think that is bad
person How many lives have you seen of his
channel I have seen the vast majority of
liked when I made content
I have seen the vast majority
Oh my God, the closet fan, uncle fan
from the total or normal closet I saw you
I would say there was a year where Dallas was
of the YouTube channels I watched the most
but that I did reviews of it is not necessary
that you say it you know when I did the
those videos that always started with the
intro of
I don't know what he was doing there, he made cool videos.
I don't remember right now what they were
but I saw them and they were funny
plan criticized some internet video or
something like that but it seemed to me It seemed like a good
content sincerely and then I followed it
watching later because it was so
[ __ ] that was interesting you know
which is where it is now and
because we are watching this video but yes
like I've seen myself, I've seen myself many
videos of Dallas and I would tell you that their
current videos still and be complete
son of a [ __ ] because his ultimate goal is
evil It's bad your videos of today
today they wouldn't be horrible unless
were all wrapped in a
total egocentrism This video of 42
minutes could be a very good video if
It lasted 15 minutes and you will eliminate The 35
minutes that he is talking about himself
Oh, okay, let's see if I get this straight.
It's just that he's very stupid, man. I mean, let's see if
let me clarify
just said a few days ago
minutes because this is cutting it
places no and it is and it is missing out there
in the middle of the reaction and so on no but
I mean
just said that the videos are to be
very bad person that I want to sink
another I don't know how much
But what you want me to remove is that
he throws flowers at himself
If you remove that, for you the video is very
good video
Who the [ __ ] follows this guy?
What kind of good can I imagine?
No
and why he doesn't deserve where he is there
because you know what to say just talk about
He only talks about himself, he is not able to give
the opinion of nothing without having to
any time talk about your own
situation What is sad now is sad
It doesn't matter, everyone makes their own videos.
unsmokable and more are completely
informed
We are going to take away many things from you
This I'm sorry will be able to in the
summary that lasts 2 minutes not to talk about
he is to say a summary of what we are going to
Seeing gameplay should be impossible
What to talk about, pay attention, that's all
Mister
I am surprised for a minute and even talking about it
same but why is she a rapist
Costco roll there is nothing to indicate
nobody and I understand I Costco went and did
the [ __ ] guy taking a photo of a
naked girl making out with a friend
in the plan is of mental retardation is of no
have many lights No that is an abuse
better
that is abuse
that's not [ __ ]
It is not a problem of Education or of me
I don't know if it's that big of a deal either.
man but yes it's like Ok that's enough
as if to draw attention and say uncle
This is going wrong and you probably know it.
everyone with which he has already
you've had what you deserve, you know you've had it
what is your just deserts?
Oh, I curse my mother who gave birth to me.
But
you know dude, don't even say dude, this is wrong
Ok, probably everyone knows that.
with which he has already had his just deserts
You know
He said it's not education or whatever.
I don't think it's that much of a man either.
but if
God of my life, that is, the guy with his
the guy's [ __ ] with his [ __ ]
The guy with his dick said today that
dala is surely all the things of
the one they have accused him of not going very far
far away but the thing about Kong is that there is a [ __ ]
photo
The thing about Goku, there's a [ __ ] photo of that.
for so much
That's it, you've already got what you deserve, it's like
Ok that's enough to call him
attention and say dude this is wrong Dani
Probably everyone knows this with
which has already had its due
You know
but
but well It is a crime Well yes OK But
there in plan to say someone doubts
But well It is a crime Well yes okay but
[Music]
But well, it's a good crime.
I can't believe it
in the plan, that is to say, someone doubts that
that girl, for example, is not
I know no I don't think there would be absolutely
no type of abuse or any type of
rape i.e. no i don't see anything
Francis The photo is wrong but it is
that outside of that I see absolutely
no problem at all
problem
word rape that thing
[ __ ] drunks, trick kid, I think
I think that thing about it is different to take and
say in a nightclub I have taken to
the drunkest girl and I take her with me
house shaking and I throw everything at it
It's wrong, okay, it's wrong, but if there are two of you
adults and you both agree
you agree to do something and you're drunk
a thousand times drunk and I go a thousand times with
people who are drunk the topic here
the crime
I would be
that you take
This is the unconscious girl
there cover on the bed you uncover it to
show your friend your bare belly
but even if the girl wasn't there
unconscious
I think that even if the girl wasn't there
unconscious too eh
I mean, imagine he's in the bathroom, pum le
you take a nude photo and send it to
your colleagues are not me If that too
It would be some kind of
punishable act has no problem
never for things
It seems to me something not even to consider
without inviting people from the United States
because there is no type of
feedback
it's very short
It's very short, eh, it's very, very, very short
Hey
I didn't expect it like that, eh I swear to you
I didn't expect that reaction like that
I didn't expect it, I swear to you.
What is the clash with Ibai?
let's see
and I Juan against the pink press for
Mr. Jagger
From the creators of And That Which Has to Be Done
see what he's going to fight with at the party
It arrives if Well it is a crime and my goodness
the audacity clown face and as if not
we would commit one every morning
Mr. Jagger who went with a very
strange to the idols awards was approached
by a journalist from Europa Press
Europa Press, that company that a cameraman
he attacked me
waiting at the trial of the parents of
Marta del Castillo with the cuckoo Yes yes me
He attacked me because I was there doing
My work was with my selfie stick
with my microphone when the father came out
Marta the castle tried to bother him
less possible to any camera or anything
but the man wanted to be comfortable
picking up the camera
I contacted Europa Press and they don't care.
He doesn't care that most of the press is from
the old media
and I don't say everyone because I
I have been with many journalists and in fact
some work with me on my channel
TV gossip but there is a lot there is a lot
I envy the streamer world, so much [ __ ]
much like what happened to me, not that
deal no
and out of envy because he is running out of
story is that he eats the toast, no
remember not only when it happened to me
that with the camera remember the little
some time later my debate with the
Journalists at the door of the Virgen de
Rocío where I had the debate with
the one with the one from save me with the one with the hair
that it ends well with him but the others
They were left with a face that is not like but it is
that you can't be here is that
We are autonomous as if I were not
out in short nonsense no then later
What happens is that then they want the
time they are putting the green to the
streamers and looking down on him and so on
the time
want to collaborate with them, they call them
for TV I don't know what you would see now
the save me thing
the intensity and the ridiculousness that they are
doing because
They have decided that they are going to collaborate
with Ebay and they are trailing behind
ibai iba and we put the Plato on you, I don't know
What? And it's like, let's see, I don't want to put the
hand in the fire for nothing but
I would say that I was going there, we are not going there at all
and less Piqué
ridiculous because Lady Because they are
dragging and are assuming that
was going and is playing along with them when
I was going to go and Mario By the way and these people
They explain it because it is irony, it is not in
Seriously, okay. I started to
skip bits of the live and went through
this person that I didn't know he was
jager and I moving forward and I see it I say
Who the [ __ ] is this, I mean? Well, it seems so.
from Serrano street raised you know a
Cayetano but anyway and I already found out that
It was him and I was watching my god what
character uncle is that he is a character of
three pairs of balls interview too
Very good, man, about the interview you gave him.
they did
I don't know what happened to the [ __ ] pink press.
It's a pain that I can't see something that
I am more disgusted in this world than that
[ __ ] [ __ ] man
I can't take it, man, I can't stand it.
because telling him I don't know what about Laura
scan and the other one messing around with fortnite
You have that there for me to put
dude because that's a class
masterful of
hesitate with respect I would say those who you
related a relationship with Laura scan
I don't know how you handled that, go on then
I was at home playing Playstation
fortnite that was finishing the
season 2 of fortnite they released a
a lot of new weapons came out because
They are changing, they are emerging as events
New ones give you, for example, a hammer
that they kind of explode the ground and you can
advance further or they might take out a
Sniper But the two days have been taken from you
the Sniper, come on, you didn't hit him
importance
and I can't help it
But because sometimes journalists
Rosa sauce and Rosa press appear
Bots because
That is, they have like four questions
programmed in the head and if the jagger
Jagger lets out this nonsense
fortnite He continues with the same thing, that is
I understand that's it. Well, nothing.
professionalism within their field No
If you have to ask that and you have to
try to scrape this information then
you have to throw with those questions to
go ahead, that is, let the other person speak
If you want to speak clearly, why not either?
You can force anyone, there is one thing.
that I don't understand and I speak it a lot in
telesalseo
when we see videos like this
Europa Press and others, that is not the fact.
about what
maybe there are characters that are not there
responding and not responding, not responding
they don't respond they don't respond and they are
ignoring and keep asking no and it is
as let's see I understand what it is that is what
They send their boss and let the network say
Well he has not brought statements But
you have brought a video where you have
tried No, I don't know It will be something like that no
and I, Juan, is very boring. I don't know what's going on.
very nice, has a lot of art and Giovanni
has a lot of art
things as they are
and Johan has a lot of art
The only thing that happens is that for me it is critical
staff no
some on some occasions I am that
I don't think like him
I don't see it as too populist in
some occasions for me it pulls a lot of
populism we gave well you know but to the
It's better, it's my impression, other times it is
based eh again we have seen things that
has been based eh But there are some
As this is not good, the pink press
depends on who because disgusting disgusting why
Damn, I mean, it's entertainment, there are people
that is put on you will see a God of
internet face rolling with laughter
face twisting with laughter very good
very good joke yes I believed that was going to happen
It may be a little stupid but it's not
the topic of disgust in the press
Rosa, let's see, there are people who live off
the pink press but there is
characters who live off sitting
on a plate to tell who they have been with
lying down to tell his life story because they have
separated while they do
great participation
on the subject of that and that they get into
the lives of people who are not made
participant not for example here then nothing
Well, since he gives him a [ __ ] or
just doesn't answer and tries to get people to
who is working with education and already
It's okay, nothing's happening, the problem is
when they commit violations of the
privacy but of course this is like in
all guilds in all jobs
and in all the guilds to people who do
things well and there are people who do them
bad things if suddenly someone publishes
a picture of you [ __ ] a
photograph of you in which I tell you
your details, a police record, a
medical record or anything like that
It's a crime you know, but gossip is a
gossip reaction seems so [ __ ] bad to me
looks like an npc guy
Ah no, you didn't laugh at me. There were laughs in
internet and they infected me
You were highly sought after by the press for
capture to see if it was true or not
because it was like the couple of the moment in
Laura scan and Mister already
not freaking out
believe that news man not as much as you
of the seasons of Fortnite Because
Furthermore, it is not known when they will change
You are friends, I imagine
let's see
[Music]
I find the emptiness very funny but
I also tell you in the microphone there is a
kid who is working
done this is the kid's friend
Marta no
The one asking is not the friend
from Marta What's her name who actually had
on TV salsa that day with Marina
When Marina was in
that event
that we must also respect people
who is working there
Laura and you met at some awards and
Of course we know who each one is, look
from there to that friendship completely
false clear then that's it, like Claro
Well, everything that happens, for example
when I am with my friends and they
I say guys there's a new shotgun in
Fortnite and they say let's go, but of course
It has to be a shotgun then it is a
submachine gun I don't know what the map has
changed and then maybe none of that
has happened but
respect the press buah Well yes This
He is a kid who is working for a
salary of 1200 euros
or for 900 even
If the kid is doing one to you
ask and you are not lacking
I respect
Let's see, I'm starting the joke now.
I'm seeing well but here hey look
No, seriously, I don't talk about my life.
It was misinformation and false information and
since he is laughing at the kid but
We love Fortnite so much
Well, we believe it in our heads that
what a class what a class what a class
masterful at avoiding these [ __ ]
abnormalities and this disgusting thing
real uncle when it's also me
I understand why, of course, this has to do with
I directly understand with Laura Escanes
because maybe she is a girl who
were involved in this world of
Not for nothing for its
Laura sword scan I don't know if it has been
sitting down to talk about his life I don't know if he has
given interviews about his life as such more
to announce their wedding and announce their
relationship I don't know if it has given exclusives
as such, maybe yes or no
maybe yes
couple what was the christ and I don't know what and
Rite is pure television
has given exclusives in magazines
a lot of years and he's a guy, well, Cannes, yes
I dislike him and I dislike him for the press, a guy who
There will be paparazzi in his house blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah and if she's with him
Well, unfortunately you have all that.
what to eat too
things can be legitimate and give
disgust
No, you are within your rights to be
See whatever Tito you are friends with me
I imagine a face twisting with laughter
Imagine if it is contrary to the
television when jagger sometimes goes here
so much in his own world that it seems like he doesn't
is not part of this because it is in
another plane Well, imagine yourself with
Regarding television, it has nothing
to see another world and the way of
answer and hesitate uncle and and uncle I you
I swear I see this and I'm actually glad
I'm glad because with these things no
I can uncle On the one hand I see this video
I'm laughing my ass off and on the other hand I think
Ugh, what's happening? It's going to turn into something.
If one day an event is held and
you go to that event you are going to have already
magazine journalists and television journalists
asking you [ __ ] [ __ ], you're so
private life I mean under the [ __ ] boat
I then, that is, I'm passing on the subject
There is nothing that generates more rejection and
more disgusting than that I really am
bringing the television media closer
Well, it really touches my [ __ ], it touches you.
a lot of [ __ ]
Well yeah dude, I mean like
In the evening there is in fact a part of
press in the one in the one I don't remember
with what was here in Seville yes, what happened
Greg from Betis
what happened there was that
they cut off the press
and they only put it exclusively
so that the means that served him
they know they were there but you
You can go to the door of a Claro event
obviously but apart from that it is that you
you are going to the idol awards If you
You're going to the awards evening then.
surely the evening will not Why Because
the evening ibai the red carpet the
will put and already the and already the red carpet already
It's inside the enclosure, okay? And then
the press Well maybe it can't
enter or and goes and lets them in that's it
I chose but
but at the Idol Awards, I mean if you go
to things like celebrity awards and such
that because of other people we are not
everyone in general approaching the TV
when well each one of us in the end thinks
different things no and I think that the
Most of us reject that [ __ ], I don't think so.
I don't know who from here in this world
I think he wants to appear on Sálvame.
that no one does then to me these things
The truth is that 0 0 Thank you and this is yes yes
This is going to be whatever, I'll tell you what
I find myself a corner I find myself one
corner and I was with a blanket that
[ __ ] you You think it's going to come
a point on which we are clearly going to talk
of people who are very close to the
media by topics people talk about
with whom he rubs shoulders and topics he deals with and
things that he does not do in the first place
comes to mind and Bye is not the most
close to this kind of things Not for nothing
but because he knows a lot of people
super well-known and super
we are not going to see something that you are near
of the media and something else that you are
near the heart media
and it has nothing to do with the
means of the heart
and you are going to be related to the
football media
eBay cannot be asked for your
private life
Hey, it's true that you broke up with your girlfriend.
I don't know what I don't know how much
But if not, how can I ask you?
They can ask but you decide what
It is what to do whether to enter or not to enter
but you always have to have respect and
education
Ok Yes it will be related to the
good TV
not that much either
with the TV
let's see, he does things in Twist similar to the
TV but it's not exactly similar
It's like the one they mention the most because
From the outside, the boomers know, but
related to TV, I was saying, "What do you do?"
the TV and it's going to do nothing in the
TV
but I am a thousand times more related
with the TV I would go
Javi, so much criticism if you go to a sálvame
They would all go like Lamb, that's it.
TRUE
That is completely true but related
I'm more into the TV than I was.
What things he has done and wow on TV that
I can't believe it right now
not on TV where he does things in his twist
similar to TV
on TV that he has done and
the TV has done nothing
and with famous people it is true and you go what
has done what Jordi Évole did, touch your
eggs what he did on TV
I hope it goes to the save melibáis would be
wonderful I don't think so no no
thinks like me Juan more or less
Damn, that's true, I didn't remember that.
that this guy has gone to the resistance is
You haven't remembered me in a [ __ ] week
I don't sign up, I remembered
I couldn't remember
who left the squid games to go
to the resistance
But I did see it for the 10 minutes that
uploaded to YouTube
He left the squid games lying around
that
super mediatic And what do I know, damn it and you go
the one who entered Messi's house in a
car with Kun Agüero understands me
person has to do with the press
heart
I think it's that no, I think it's that
They do not distinguish in How it works
heart press the normal press
Interviews with journalists are not
you differentiate just look at me
I can be the one with journalists from the
heart I may be the one who knows the most
relate not to those on YouTube
and with characters from the heart there is someone
that relates more to characters from the
heart that I have on TV with characters
from the heart of traditional television
there is someone who relates to more
characters from the heart of television that I
Well, I say Carnival of course, let's see, but
clear as a youtuber only
YouTube Of course these people come from
there it is no longer that they have really come
on YouTube
But let's get to the point that I'm telling you.
I was going that it doesn't matter, or rather, they come to me
with a microphone
and I don't and I'm not responsible for my life
I am not responsible for my life
you become a participant in the moment of
you trade with that
as long as you don't answer I'm sorry
Good night. Here it is then.
closest person will come to a point where
the one who went and has paparazzi in his house
and journalist at the door of his house no
I know if that point has been reached, I no longer have
I have no idea, maybe yes, but it will get to that point.
point at which if for example
I don't know if things are made public
Private life of I-know-what relationships
sentimental even of friendship not of
that maybe you have a friend who is no longer
your friend and someone is going to go to your [ __ ]
door to ask him while he goes out to
I know how to have a Pepito, but I don't know where.
You understand me, maybe you do, well, go on.
[ __ ] really or so that's when
For me, I will know the [ __ ] [ __ ] in
that specific point If that someday to me
It splashes me, I swear by my family that
I'll find a way to shoot myself in
the real foot of looking for shots in the
foot and trying not to interest it
I will search no matter what, I swear to you on my own
family on the day in which the day in which
that I leave my [ __ ] house and spend
I say something like that. Okay, up to here I don't.
I'm here for this, I'm so sorry no
I'm here for this and if I have to
find a place in a [ __ ] corner to
make four live shows and four videos and
that 20% of the gang sees me so as not to
generating that interest will really make you
I say this because there is nothing that gives me more
[ __ ] disgusting that [ __ ] no no no no
There's nothing that disgusts me more.
It could give me brutal anxiety
to think that there are people outside your
home I can't I can't in my house It's that
It's that it's true that it's that it's that it's not
It's not that it's not that it's not that it's not that
you are a person of interest
It should not be said of this water I will not drink
Look, I was just talking to my
mother today because my mother
when he saw that those who saved me
They were calling Ibai and such my mother
He will say, well, maybe he will go and tell her.
explained I say mom yes that not even I
would be interested in a survivor a great
Brother, look, imagine, okay, that is, something
that exposes you, imagine a big brother
Survivor Never say anything about this water
I won't drink because you don't know now
You are here but you don't know where you are going
be within three years maybe
In three years it will be good for you but
right now a survivor
that they pay a contestant
survivors
So don't be from the TV world, no.
equals 3000 a week
6000 a week maybe to someone
that has many followers
Why would he get into that for 6,000?
euros per week
If any of these are charged daily
There was a deluxe one, I wouldn't be interested
tesa
but I wouldn't be interested in one bit
survivor not one to me to me
would be interested in the best
Well then, call me to comment.
reality shows in the debates in the
debates on the island of the
temptations the survivor debates
but I'm not going to get involved in debates
debates with Ana Rosa as a collaborator
things like that yes one morning with Federico
but I am putting myself in a big brother
I don't know what they're going to pay you per week.
how much will they pay those who are not so
3000 euros
It has to be, it doesn't have to be someone
that likes to say that it is headed towards
that
And look, for example, a Big Brother
I don't like it, but what money do they have for me?
to pay for what interests me
remove me from my house
that I am here with my children I am
I applied to gh Yes but of course but it does
many years Anderson when great
brother was big brother I talked in
Milan No now what big brother save me
but
expose yourself to that in exchange for what
earning less than on YouTube is that no
it makes sense
it doesn't make sense
I am at home. I dedicate myself to what
I want what I like, I'm with
you all every day and every day
I am accompanied with you and if you say
Something about me pisses me off, you know what I'm telling you.
but there for what
so that they can even take out my notes
They took out the school and my girlfriends from
small of small
Thank you very much Burgo for those five
sub
[Music]
Thanks friend, I mean it would have to be one
bestiality than to be offered something
pasta that changes my life It's that then
because one day is that I don't know what I know is that
then I see It's that then you see and you know it
I am explaining to my mother that I am
These people are not going to go to another save me
I say but neither save me nor collaborate a bit
day or that they leave them the set or anything like that
that
directly for the first thing that
repudiate these things, okay?
Imagine that one day he went and came out with
a stick to the street because he has 45
paparachi 24 hours [ __ ] ass Until
to what extent you can empathize with
He and say of course it is normal that
I'm fed up with no name no no
Here Imagine that he goes out and goes with a
stick and starts hitting the journalists
But then I would have a problem, I would have a
problem but
how how are you going to empathize with that
you know what it is and I This is it
I say to the journalists with whom I
I talk about the topic of houses, the topic of
put yourself in the houses of famous people
It has to be cut now, that can't be done anymore.
This is not even legal in the past, it is that
They have normalized this
Diego Arrabal for example when Bueno
I and Diego were out of town, the whole thing
I have and the relationship I have is because
correct things like that because apart from
that he left with the car driving
with the mobile phone in his hand he went to
tell us all where it was
Pantoja and in what house and what do you know?
For 150,000 euros a month I would do it for
150,000 euros a month Yes Panchi because I
I don't earn anything close to that
Of course, the thing about the door of the house, yes.
has to change because that's what it is
has normalized paparazzi because
In the past you and they would put themselves in the
door of Rocío Jurado's house and
Nobody knew that would fall
Nobody understands me, nobody knows what street, nobody
is going to show up there but now you
find out where someone lives because in
the window has seen a reflection and
They put more in Google and they already have it.
understand So that's what you have
that we need to change the houses but that you
you are at an event and someone approaches you
and I asked you, well, it's as simple as
that you answer him or you don't answer him
You politely say goodnight
Thanks, see you later. And that's it.
How many people have passed through this?
known that have come out and said uncle
Can you please leave me alone?
You can get out of my [ __ ] house then
to what extent you can empathize and say
It is normal, it is normal that
that you get crossed sometimes and
you go out to answer badly you go out with a
attitude is that I know you can
answer rudely but come out with a stick
It is not normal for someone to come out with a stick.
It's the first time Kiko has done it
Rivera For example me but Kiko
Rivera is that I also tell you why
misfortune has befallen him, I mean that one
The boy is the son of Isabel Pantoja who
Here in Spain he is a very good person
media a hyper Ultra singer
known here and has always been
involved in the world of television
always she and her husband are also good
the husband not that the husband here with
Rivera this man is that they are
go doesn't know doesn't know how to differentiate between
what is yes what is no what is paparazzi
what is press what is press of the
heart is that he does not know Kiko Rivera does not know
has touched
Kiko Rivera follows him and does it and when
Kiko Rivera does it
First of all, yes, when we were little,
Parents have exposed it and all that stuff
because it was something else different they were
other different times but Kiko Rivera
perfectly at the moment that it has been
had a bigger fact I could have gone for another one
way to have studied a career and
having been completely detached
daughter of Belén Esteban who I think few
There are more media-savvy people in Spain
that she is the daughter of Belén Esteban in her
day because they put it in the press and everything
that roll and at the time it was made
consciously he didn't want anything about that subject and
is completely anonymous and the girl
has a great career and a great
I don't know if I'm working in the United States.
or whatever is worth it or what he studies in
United States but it is completely
anonymous okay or so no Kiko Rivera what
What happens to him is that he doesn't know how to do anything.
nothing has become professional
from time to time when you have seen this from
from time to time he gives it to him because he wants to be
bullfighter from another era than that footballer
then he gives it another time because suddenly
wants to be a DJ again wants that
singer But in the end it always ends
when you see that none of these things
It always works in the end
sitting on the sálvame or in a
magazine and saying terrible things about the
mother of whoever's sister
family, that is, Kiko Rivera, not Kiko Rivera
No, it hasn't touched him, Poor thing, not even close.
But come on, he's not poor at all.
but no way what happens is that
who doesn't know and I Juan is talking without
know that I understand it eh oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh
Burgos another five Thank you very much
Thank you very much, I'm staying a
a little voiceless tonight
husband died many years ago
So that kid was born with a
paparazzi that kid was born and surely
I don't know if I'm like this but I imagine
that the mother came out with him in her arms
from the hospital and already had people in the
door taking pictures you understand me
touched and it is not the same as touching you from
small to live it suddenly having
a normal life or a life in which that
It doesn't happen to you and suddenly you come across
I think that is assimilated much worse. And
I can react much worse than that.
Aitana So I saw what came out
to say that please stop her
house no And take pictures of your house because
I think he said paparazzi were going to his
house to take pictures of the facade and such
And that many people already knew where he lived
because those photos were on the internet and
on TV and everywhere and said for
Please stop because
the people where you live who suddenly
had a lot of people outside his house
early morning and that he was afraid
logically you know you are in your [ __ ] house
I roast your window and you have five ten
people at four in the morning
waiting for you to come out But what is this?
dude but what the [ __ ] is this for real?
the rock fits very touched in the head
This is [ __ ] [ __ ]. Really. I wish.
never live them because it is that it has
which would be horrible to assimilate on a mental level
those things uncle not having a moment of
tranquility and the day in which that to me
It happened to me, I swear, I really swear.
that I will find a way to boycott myself
I swear to you because you can't
wanting to be a character
so famous
You can't want to be such a character
famous
but nevertheless not to assume what I
This part of fame
What you have to learn is how
manage and channel it in the right way
in the best possible way
Cristinini filed a criminal complaint against a
stalker
but they have condemned him to see and I am going to
say publicly because now I can
Until now I couldn't say it
publicly because there were processes
legal that no that I couldn't because I had
to make sure they stayed pressed
certain things that are already there
Oh, okay, he hasn't said it publicly.
That is, there is no process yet
but so that the note would not be erased, it was not
that it be
So the guy won't delete it, I'm going to say it.
publicly worth
In case she hears me, please, about the
you crash and the crash and the eBay which is it
that is that everyone is there
asking me in the chat
Uncle Chura has uploaded something, guys.
Uncle Chura uploaded a newscast or something
on the subject of a person that I imagine
yes he will be listening to me
You should know that I reported you, okay?
because I'm a little fed up, okay?
I know you know it's you
so
It doesn't matter as long as you delete the accounts, it's fine.
It is all compelled by not without fear
Ok now we see it several I am a little
up to the [ __ ] that you harass me to me
family to my friends to the whole [ __ ]
world you've been here for six months now and I'm here
a little fed up then it doesn't matter okay
whatever you do or say you can erase
Exactly the same as then
just this
It will not be the first nor the last
In fact, it is the third since he reported
between last year and this year and it's going to be the
first of this year we were a year
past is going to be the first this year but
There are a couple more I have my eye on.
thrown out That for the moment it has not been so
heavy but if it becomes heavy I mean me
It doesn't matter what the money costs me
I'm not going to allow you to harass
neither to me nor to my family nor to my friends
and the people I love much less
So
We have arrived here, okay with that
which
simply that I have become tired I have become
tired of putting up with [ __ ] from
nonsense and they are going to start going like this
things
Let's see, I don't know if he will say more details now or
but the criminal issue on the Internet is
very complicated
And I hope that now she has
another different fate and
people have and people who like it
pass this have a different fate than
mine
but
My example is very beastly, that is to say it is
that I see as very difficult
I see it very difficult
[Music]
that no one experiences anything as serious as
like me
stronger is that something stronger than it
what happened to me
and that's it then, maybe like that and
They didn't catch my complaints, eh?
It would be amazing to have a chat between
I have told you many times but
I don't know the truth, no
I haven't wanted to ask him because I don't believe
that she wants to enter a channel
gossip to chat
with the money involved with what
fell and the person who has it will consider
to consider depending on how you pull and
this for forward
well
I imagine he will lose his desire
at some point and that's it
Yes, I know that Twitter is a jungle.
I'm used to the hate, okay, no
I can be liked by everyone. Try it, he won't.
you already have it, look tense
I would be surprised if she hadn't
arrived when we have already commented on it or
be aware that be aware that it
We have commented several times and I have already
You have asked many times Even in
Some videos are edited by Andy to
the main channel You think she doesn't
have you seen any of the reactions that
we have done and he has listened to us
telling him Hey how are you Hey I'm going to
invite her she's not going to come she's not going to come to
say Oh yes there is a lot of falsehood I don't know what
he won't want to come
I wish eh I wish eh I would put let's go the
super open doors but it's not going to
Not everyone is going to come, but
It's one thing to post a tweet once
from Cristian and a [ __ ] clown daughter of a [ __ ]
Okay
Well, that's it, I mean, I'll live with it.
ask you invite jh okay
Do you want me to bring someone? No, I'm not going.
to die or that you have presented as the
ass [ __ ] disgusting okay Okay though
You send me a [ __ ] meme and you and you
Mother Bueno
I mean it's the B side of the networks
I know her
That's it, I don't give a damn except Well
I who am by day and such can
affect but I usually support myself I want
Saying I already know is the key to the
networks
If I have made the decision to report it is
because it wasn't that, that is, it wasn't a
Sporadic message Hello, maybe a message
out of every x amount of seeing I like you like him
ass worth it was actively harassing
to my family is worth through social networks
my friends on social networks in a way
active but that one harassed me or in other words
plan insulted them
threatened people I care about
very actively
that is to say that
It has already reached a level that I will not do it
put up with it, I'm not going to put up with it
very heavy very heavy then
That's it, we've arrived. We've already arrived.
I say they're going to make you put a Twitter
You [ __ ] clown, I really like you.
Saying we are on Twitter is already there but it is
that one thing is that and another thing is that
practically every day for six
months you are harassing everything that I
surround is already fine It's over and that's it and
point I already did it a couple of times ago too.
years that I told you about with a person who
also harassed strong statements
death
that was also very bad
I have not commented more on the matter because
Obviously that stopped. Obviously
with legal measures in between that
I don't want to either and do a climb here
Nobody is interested. Yes, let's see, I'm the only one
that I got by reporting the guy I didn't
I know if the guy
it came to him
Forgive me but I'm already staying
almost without voice I don't know until now I'm going to
hold on, I don't know if the guy got it
I don't know if the guy found out about it here
but stop
and stopped but simply that
I'm going to do it again
on the subject of resuming my legal rights
because there is Peña who is very
sick and I don't have it because neither I nor
My family and my friends don't have any. Because
put up with it I'm so sorry
that's it
There you remember Ivan
because as I know that he is going to see it, then stop
let him know
Well, nothing, I hope that she
Yes, I wish you luck in your legal process.
I really would have liked to know more
details not for morbid reasons but for the sake of it
value a little Hey, well yes, well no, no
Since I am a judge and the whole internet knows it
Well, I would have liked it
mask today I have passed the mask again
pimple machine huh seriously
Burgos
[Music]
Thank you very much friend. Hey, let's see.
How many of us are on Twitch that never did?
we see no
on Twitch How many of us are there?
Well, look at Twitch we are
Neither more nor less
with the chest
356 subscribers isn't bad no
356 subscribers
There are 700 people here right now
the Prime
The device crash could not be more
seriously irrelevant
but let's see, is it irrelevant or not?
The topic that I would touch on would be
streamer complaining about gossip I don't even know
even if I'm going to see this eh
streamer complaining about gossip seems to me
a pathetic whimper
pathetic
Franco's is what we are going to see
Let's see what titles Uncle Shure has.
Frank costs Sprint Ruby more about
Twitch and the content Oh look at the guy
churchi is going to see it, I don't know if I have any leftovers
I see time but that is not
It doesn't appeal to me much
I'll luaré you're here
Okay, the bathroom for a second, guys, and giving it to him
like the live I'm going to go to the bathroom and I
I'm going to take the pill the pill for
You know, old age is fine. I'm going to the bathroom.
I'm going to take the ibuprofen and the
medication, give it like and other things, it's worth giving it
like and so on please
You have to see the crash, Karime.
send it to me yourself
knows what the difference is
between Javi Olivera and the chocas
lamentable, you'll see
that Javier that the choco starts to eat
not live no
and the food opens here
Javier was going to go to the medicines
like a grandpa
Like a grandpa, I forget the glass
of the water
I'm going to throw the flumil here
in the little bit of water I have left. That's it.
No
can you imagine
Thanks for dropping that Prime friend
Thanks a lot
we are in the same situation, grandpa I am
sick this weekend
I'm sick, man, I'm with my chest
caught by the throat caught
Ah He already told me places that I'm sure he
They are sending that, no
I'm sure he's talking to me about that
Well, wait, I'll take this and we'll see.
Okay
Chokes gets angry with Ibai but whatever
I have to see this
I have to watch these four minutes that
They have sent me places, there is no one
previous context or anything
the pull starts here
good lolas chiqui
Damn Javi, I sent it to you in summary, let's see.
how summarized you have sent it to me
but let's see how that
How about Hayden on TikTok?
This air, this air will not be ours
aiden no
five members of Ana Ávila Muchas
thanks but no it doesn't come out no
King, you have to take your rest
tomorrow That's why I'm here today we're going to
see I'm going to look at the members thing a
moment and we'll see it, okay
I'm going to say how many members
I get that we won today
Today in this live it appears to me that we have
cattle
49 members Yes ok Okay then yes I
I think they will all be there, yes
49 members, what a barbarity
Well then let's see what it is
past you are asking me a lot no
There are people who say irrelevant is not
irrelevant
let's see what happened
between ibai and chocas
watch it on gossip youtuber come on there it is
I watch it on YouTube but I was going to watch it on
a video that he sent me
places but if you see that gossip
YouTuber without YouTube
It's long, huh. Let's see.
the cool Allen there why
the biggest injustice I was going to see
It turns out that the villains themselves
We know right now it's under scrutiny.
the internet audience this why
Because they started canceling coscu de
some pretty strong accusations and that
Likewise, evidence has already emerged since
years ago how he took a picture of her
Simpson consent to a girl
who was in a state of intoxication
then shared it with friends which
That is already a crime in the first instance
because the girl was not aware of
that I was going to upload that photo since I was
completely naked and shared it with
your friends that I repeat is a crime.
by itself and then the friends ended
leaking the photo and it is thanks to that today
Today this story is known later
There is also a live show where the
grace in his consent is not seen
the face at no time should be
make it clear but despite this
is recording without your consent And if
comes to express and mock one's own
girl But well the point is that coscu
It is the main fight of the evening of the year 3
so now the same ibai is being given
Plains of how it is possible that it is
leaving coscu since coscu simply
He said the following in his response after
These accusations that he was going to defend himself against
and the rest is a moment later have
I'm not going to poison myself by talking about it.
I'm not going to poison anyone with that.
What I can tell you is to stay
Don't worry, I have what I need
to to
tell the truth about all that to
show the truth about all that so
don't worry they're not going to hit people
They are going to go to the people because the people are
victim of what they tell you and what they do to you
They say And unfortunately the story goes
They are being told by people who don't know me
who never saw me in his life, never saw me in his life
and they are telling them to see what I am like, to see
what do I do what did I do what did I stop doing how
It's my life and he didn't see me in. I mean, he didn't see me
They know me. They never saw me in their life.
This is not
Ah, but it starts now, right?
has put everything of ibai has done like a
remit all the eBay stuff not to
see here to put tweets against
some streamers saying that if they
would leave for them by giving them a like
precisely to images of girls who
with their consent they uploaded that type of
Hot content on Twitter and that's why
They expelled me in this case I am
referring to the members who were going to
be part of koi and went and took the
decision to expel them for a simple reason
tweets but nevertheless to coscu that has
done more serious things like this yet
It has been announced that he will be expelled
I imagine that here there is neither going nor knowing
is going to announce
if it has not already been pronounced
and not only has he not spoken out but
that was going and they keep mentioning Goku as
a colleague
What good would it do to go?
It took him two weeks to make a statement
what would be the point anymore?
due to social pressure but for him I left it
and something behind because in the end it has not been
nor did they say the date on which it was
They will sell the tickets for the evening like this
which I imagine is being managed
again this possibly if it is reached
to say that they are going to expel Costco or
Who knows, possibly? No, not really.
I know but well what I do know is that
Also yesterday Ibai himself
He was disappointed with Shokkas all this.
for something that happened first
instance that was like a meme, a mockery
It wasn't shocking but how it was
expressing shock because he was going and thought that
I was going to insult the follower who was doing it
correcting but crashes thought that it was
They were making fun of him and in the end they
Ibai moderators ended up going to the
The show's own chat almost ended in a
stronger complication since it was going and
Well, it ended, not bothersome but it ended
let's put it that way, like fed up with
the attitude of shock if this was what
He said We all want and wanted a lot
They were teammates at the Lakers and left the
leaves the NBA stops competing at its best
level has been 10 years without the Lakers as
What are you saying
what the [ __ ] are you saying
you how that it has been 10 years since you were in
TheLakers
What team were you on in North America in?
the NBA competing then
Host Well I thought I had been
in the Lakers until it is until it is
had gone
or I am very I am very disconnected from the
NBA the truth is that no, you can't see it
all the truth I mean I'm with others
things and I don't see I've never liked it
NBA a lot, I mean I've watched a lot of games.
years ago but I'm never ever interested
a lot
how bad it is that you start talking about a topic
that people make fun of me for not knowing about
NBA when I never said no I don't understand
no ...
Please let's clarify this for the press.
let's make it clear for the press no no no no a
let's see, I'm going to give it
discussing Twitch humor
Twitch humor is worth it I'm going to give my
context in case anyone feels
identified with me what makes me laugh
of this clip is that when he says what the [ __ ]
you say it with the tone I use
I thought I was telling the one about
Chat was talking nonsense
you know it's like if I say Power sun that
There are the Lakers since there are the Lakers
I say what the [ __ ] are you saying Javi is that the one
moment of humor that makes me laugh already
There you go, it's funny to me that there's sun
Someone left the Lakers 10 years ago
from the chat tell him and he says "chocks"
But what the hell are you saying, of course? I thought that
I said it in the sense of Shut up
mouth didn't know he was asking it in
plan but what the [ __ ] are you saying in plan
surprised do you understand me someone continues
my concept That's the humor part of
This clip is not something I don't know about the NBA.
your [ __ ] sweats you crash that you don't know about the
NBA of
I don't know. It seemed to me that if it were
I was laughing at the shock because I didn't
I knew And they had left it bad
What do you think, one day at 7 years old, no?
I know how to read, we're not going to laugh at you.
You, because something doesn't happen, you're smarter.
that all of us I am an idiot no
I know how to write, I'm telling you the truth. I mean, and
In this chat the vast majority of us don't know
read I tell you completely seriously
We just found the clip funny.
why the [ __ ] are we going to see a joke either?
to take it seriously obviously
but I thought he was laughing at me
that
olé
Olé my Quesada, what a great Ray, mother
I said who the [ __ ] is doing me one
Ray's smoke with 2000 and something
people
A kiss King. Let's see when you come by.
here I have found out that we have to
debate they haven't told me that we have to
debate because you have contradicted me
at Aby's The other day I saw you because you
I put it on hands-free while I was
me running some errands
reacting to my debate with Ricky that
you proved me right
In the whole debate I believe
A kiss Quesada and Welcome to all
that you come from Quesada we are
Here watching and enjoying the gossip
So make yourselves comfortable
and enjoy it enjoy it Okay
What a great Quesada, you bastard you say to the guy
chat when we had understood it from
no other way No really you don't
Don't worry, it's not because you have more
studies or less studies is that or that is
This guy is watching the live stream and
same time
[Music]
By the way, thanks for those others
five sub Thank you very much Burgos
Thank you so much to everyone who
You are following me, I am here almost without
voice but we still have a lot of gossip to stay
Because we have a lot of gossip left, I'm going to see
Now that Ricky Eddy has spoken about me
Little Princess video what a family
He's not messing with the studies or
with writing he is getting into it
She found it funny that I was there
talking about a topic and suddenly no
I knew that Paul Gasol had been there for 10 years.
without being there
guy watching my live or something
or what the [ __ ] is going on
Who is this guy this guy is a
eBay moderator who is mine and who
whenever the chat is spoken of badly,
They never moderate Ibai's behavior because he is the one
main moderator of the Channel and not
moderate because if your dick doesn't give a damn,
dog doesn't listen to him in life This is
real
This is real
Okay, that's it, no no no no no no let's go no
we are going to enter we are not going to enter this
We are not going to go into this topic.
because this seems to me that this no longer works
laugh this is no longer funny this is no longer funny
already
I say it for him because he is a let's see the
comment
you crash, get over me, you have my blog and they go
and they keep putting [ __ ] on me
[Music]
I mean, of course I say it for him to overcome it
No colleague treats friends with respect
from your boss that's what you should
make a friend and model the [ __ ] channel that
That's what you get paid for.
But how are you going to talk to him?
how are you going to talk to him
To a person, friends, that is the first thing
friends no But how are you going to talk to him
to a person
who works for someone else as if you were
the boss
I would be more satisfied than someone from
some colleague of mine some of my
colleagues spoke to him about any of the
people who
an editor of mine a moderator of mine you do it
What you have to do is this:
that's what they pay you
where are you going
Come on, it's not like you have to be like that.
not even talking about the boss, starting from there
This is not what you should do.
Of course I'm saying it for you, get over it. No.
colleague do your job just like me
that I ban people who talk here
kill and then Juan or anyone my
[ __ ] job and your [ __ ] job
Indeed all this for kingdoms of one
club that makes us laugh, damn kid
how are the internet worlds
They are becoming more complicated every day
more complicated [ __ ] kid every
day the worlds are more complicated
of the internet yes yes yes yes every day it is
more complicated ladies and gentlemen but no
come on
to enter into a toxicity Javi Tell
Tito send audio
Do you want audio of this topic by Tito Tito?
You can send audio to Tito whenever you want.
if you like
Send it
But on this topic I think that's all there is to it.
Of course he doesn't play live, he doesn't play the
I thought straight, I didn't think that he
clip got so serious got so serious
Seriously, but well, we'll try not to
laugh at a clip that we find funny
I repeat that we have read each other because we
does redo clip No not for you
ignorance of the NBA believe me
I will never act smart because I am quite
stupid so believe me I will never be
in the role of laughing because someone is
imbecile and less for such an idiot
great here you go, he really felt bad
Javi
you can see it you can see it
you can see his face you can see his face
man, it would have sat badly with me
why the [ __ ] do you have to talk to him badly?
so to my workers if I do not
I talk like this who the [ __ ] are you
Talk to him like that, what you have to do
It's working, which is what you get paid for.
Well, let's see what I know about the moderators.
You can be in the chat and you can also
join the chat
People are chosen who are usually already in
the chat itself
As a moderator, I didn't know that he was paid
people by moderators
but let's go
as long as it is not disrespectful
no That is, obviously if a moderator
Mine takes it and calls him son of a [ __ ]
Well if you call him son of a [ __ ]
I was going to leave it but if it messes with acne
And if I have done it there I have fired
but let's go with one bad one brings another
in front of
like the pause theme But oh well
We will try to improve it to
let's try to improve it for the future no
There is laughter, insults are allowed
in the chat Well I don't know if they are allowed
Well, I would be surprised. I suppose they have
wrong scraper But oh well
We generally try to have very in mind
everyone counts
Tito and Bye audio I'm sorry but
We have audio from Tito
If there is audio from Tito and he goes, you wait
respect the hierarchy Tito right now
is using Javi's sweet voice to
fall asleep because he is very tired
I've been working for 5 hours now and
very late
two to think no I mean I am
listening to sounds and I'm using it
to fall asleep I don't know what you're doing
talking and I don't know what's going on
another day
No Tito, don't put people to sleep.
we wanted based
We loved you based on 4,000 people here
at 4 in the morning on a Friday But what
This is what's been happening lately
Javier canijo that there is no way that
I'm looking forward to Javier Canijo falling
fall back to start answering him
to nobodies to whom I will not give
fame right now
and destroy them
lower it, lower it something that is insulted
I don't know if any has been allowed
insult But well it is also true that
the moderators
They can be wrong I don't think they will leave
No insult from the shock because they
fall badly in fact now my
moderators don't mind crashing
agree more or agree less
but I assure you that there are people like me
Moderators ban insults from people who
It affects them much worse than the crash
probably So no of course
done here here the same thing happens
She is banned, well, the one who is in charge is Lanne
I will not harm you Call me whenever you want
comes to me with a story of this
moderator the other moderator I tell him
to acne
You are in charge if you consider that I should take it away
you take away someone's mode
I don't even ask him because I trust him
both in it if you consider that there is
that removing someone's mod is
take it away and if you want me to give it to you
Someone tell me, I mean Alan is the boss.
from this channel so you know and then
People get banned here
if he insults and says something big or something crude
even from people I'm with
criticizing or something is the problem
that I have
with whoever and another thing is
I was going to block him but I prefer to see until
where the disease comes from and if it really
He answers all my tweets
I don't know what you're referring to
Javi, your chat is not comparable.
But let's see what I understand is that
There some more will escape than others
Some will escape you more It is that neither
I know what the chocas is based on
say that he has been disrespected there
or that insults or whatever are allowed
no but it is true that it has
skated a little on the ice and tomorrow
Tomorrow is okay, tomorrow we will see Chosas
I was wrong, Mental Health caught me in
a bad moment that's what he's going to say
the crash tomorrow you all know
That's what Chocan is going to say
tomorrow I made a mistake about Mental Health
It's the fault of the socas Ivan and the others
will charge
I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] what he says
crash damn it's going to change the crash here
balls collide
Well, let's see the clip of
Frank is having a hard time putting his balls in here.
Okay, let's see, the Movida is next.
I'm going to put it in context and now we see what
what our beloved Fran has said
Okay, and now you do all the things to me.
questions about the sanctuary and about
whatever you want is worth it
Frank Cuesta comes up with the idea. Well.
There are several times when it occurs to him
ideas
to create content the moderator of
ibai is already talking about the shock multis
a year earlier there is Twitch
but let's see, let's see
To what extent can this dilemma be solved?
I also have some Until what
point can
Burgos seriously
[Music]
I don't even know how many you have today. Many
Thank you To what extent a moderator
can give your opinion
freely on their networks
Let's see, for example, it bothers me when
A moderator of Uncle South has said
barbarities about me
For example, people that I know are me
very close to me gives me the creeps
I don't know to what extent I can say Hey
don't say this don't put this but yes
I try. Hey please if you know that you are
putting O is not that for example No already
I talked about this with Ivan for example
One day I'll say Ivan's name.
Ivan my son if everyone knows that
you are with me has looked working that
We are partners in the youth group that I am
with the other thing, no, that's good, maybe
you throw [ __ ] at a colleague of mine
or someone I'm fine with okay I
that I know a thousand things
takes away freedom to see is that you
Imagine that you are working in the
coca-cola
This example was given to me by a friend
friend who will surely be watching me
This example is worth
you Imagine that you work in the
coca-cola
and suddenly
you're going to work wearing a Pepsi t-shirt
very well done, no, I don't know the example hasn't been for me
came out the same as when my friend told me
friend but because I'm a piece of [ __ ]
person and a [ __ ] of people putting
example But well La Movida is a
a little strange it is a little strange it is a
a little strange if you want to be free and
have a free opinion and tear and criticize
whoever you want and put the skin on whoever you want
you want not to associate so much with another
youtuber or a youtuber something like that is worth it
It would be the move what I was saying is
This has already gone out of my control
previous people who are coming to this
clip this channel It's [ __ ] [ __ ] and no
It has no order or anything worth it. We are
talking about the previous click was going and the
moderator and the clash that have fought
and the other extract and put in the
comment box that there is a piece that
missing in the other good one anyway
Frank costs on several occasions because he has
had the idea of ​​creating several
content collaborating with streamer for
to be able to earn money to be able to support
that sanctuary no I think has
said on some occasion
that cost you around 18,000-20,000 euros
a month forgive me for the noises with the
nose but I have a terrible cold or
I have a terrible cold, okay? And sometimes I get it without
want
It's a lot of money, a lot of dough
Hello Javi, did you react to the socas?
superb
I think that every time he reacts badly
Luis Muchísimas crashes with pride
thank you
[Music]
on one occasion last year